State-owned and dominant private enterprises enter the old districts of the South Revolution.
From 26 to 27 September, in order to deepen the educational work on the theme "Not forgetting First Heart, Keeping the Mission", the Central Military and Civil Integration Office, the National Directorate of Defence, the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the National Association of State-owned and dominant private enterprises entered the old districts of the South Revolution, re-engineering the history of the revolution, searching for red footprints, transmitting red genes, matching the needs of the enterprises concerned with those of the city of Ganzhou, and promoting the accelerated development of the old areas of the Revolution.
Kim Zhuanglong, Deputy Managing Director of the Central Office for Civil-Military Integration, Deputy Minister of War, Secretary of the National Union of Commerce and Industry, Deputy President Xu Laijiang, Zhang Kaijiang, Director of the National Defence Department, Jiangxi Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Commission, Li Bing Military Secretary of the Giangzhou City Commission, etc.
The companies involved in research activities include eight military and industrial companies such as China Space Science and Technology Group Limited, 10 civil-owned enterprises such as the Hunan Institute of Rare earth and metal materials, and 15 dominant private enterprises such as the Xiangxiang Group.
During this time, the researchers visited the central Red Army captain's memorial garden, remembered the throes of the revolution, received traditional education, reviewed the difficult journeys of the Red Army, studied seven enterprises and a testing centre in Ganzhou city, held symposia, concluded eight cooperation projects and signed on-site contracts.
At a symposium on research activities, the city of Ganzhou presented its unique industrial advantages and presented high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Military Vehicle Industries Group Limited, China Steel and Research Technology Group Limited, Xi'an Tian and Defence Technology Company Limited, Jiangxi Jinli Yong-Magnetic Technology Company Limited, made statements on behalf of the Military Industrial Group Company, the Kukou State-owned enterprise, private enterprises, local enterprises, and stated that it would continue to strengthen State-owned enterprises, the dominant private sector and the Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City's demand-side work, gradually widen areas of cooperation, upgrade the power industry, and promote the high-quality development of the Revolutionary Old Area.
Through this study, it was further informed of the country's unique industrial development advantages in the old regions of the South Revolution, the priority tasks for the economic and social development of the old areas of the Revolution at this stage, and the conviction that State-owned and private enterprises serve the people and start up business for their officers, which is an important contribution to the way in which the former Central Soviet Region is transformed, the structure of the transition, the welfare of the people, and the quality, efficiency and dynamical changes in economic development.
Integrated law enforcement ahead of Beijing Market Regulatory Sector Festival Commodity Price Basically Stable
In order to strengthen pre-festival market regulation and enforcement, the Beijing Market Regulatory Authority inspected over 2,000 businesses on the eve of the National Day.
Inspections showed that the market was well supplied with basic necessities such as food and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and milk, that commodity prices were generally stable, that no serious irregularities had been detected and that the market was generally stable.
Today, journalists have been informed by the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority that it conducts "Integrated Law Enforcement Inspection Days" throughout the city, concentrating on key areas and areas of focus on price, business, quality supervision, pharmacy, commerce, all-encompassing law enforcement inspections, and general regulation of the market business order.
It was reported that the five law enforcement forces of the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority, namely, prices, business, quality supervision, pharmacy, and commerce, were working in close collaboration, with the heads of law enforcement agencies, and that the subgroups carried out joint law enforcement inspections of selected operators randomly picked up.
During these inspections, law enforcement officials focused on price behaviour, advertising, food safety, metrology, production safety systems, etc.
The Regional Market Regulatory Authority also organizes joint law enforcement inspections in parallel, involving more than 1,600 law enforcement officers and more than 2,000 households in various subjects of operation. The inspections show that the supply of basic necessities such as food and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, milk, etc. sold in the market is sufficient, commodity prices are generally stable, operators are able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious irregularities have been detected and the market order is generally stable.
According to the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority, emergency compliance will be strengthened during the national celebrations, the market inspections will be carried out on a continuous basis, the various types of market regulation will be dealt with expeditiously in accordance with the law, the business offences will be reported to the population, and the legitimate interests of the consumer will be taken seriously in accordance with the law.
Expression of the Chinese Expression Contest "China in My Heart" at Confucius College, Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences
The 26th Chinese Chinese Expression competition, on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China, was unveiled and held at Confucian College of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences.
The award was awarded to the winning guests of the Chinese embassy in Cambodia, the Chinese diplomatic corps, the representative of the Cambodian General Council, and the President of the Cambodian Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce, Weiss Yu.
According to Chaik Qing, the Chinese President of Confucian College of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted two months and was attended by Cambodian primary, secondary, and university students (including social workers).
The Chinese Embassy in Cambodia Jung Jung Jun-jung Law awarded the award to the first prize winner of the University Group, Ling Wei Ji, and the first prize winner of the Primary and Secondary School Group, Guo Lina.
Chaik Qing stated that the entries were split between the university and the primary and secondary school groups, invited Cambodian senior Chinese-language experts to form a jury committee which, through the initial, re-evaluation and final evaluation stages, ultimately ranked one prize for the university team, two prizes for the first, three prizes for the third and ten prizes for the first, second and third prizes for the primary and secondary school groups, and 20 for the best.
The first prize winner of the university group, Ling Wei-chi, said that 15 years had passed since the study of Chinese, which had had a great impact on himself.
Through the Syriac Contest, the traditional friendship between Cambodia and China and Cambodia is described in terms of the well-being brought to Cambodia "on the way" and it is hoped that the younger generation will continue to add bricks to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The figure is for guests and winners.
The first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, Guo Lina, said that, as an overseas Chinese, he had the opportunity to express his "China in his Heart" feelings and to receive the prize in his native language, with different motivations.
The hosts said that not only had the Chinese–Cambodian relationship been positive, it had also attracted more Cambodian students to study Chinese and to study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) published a 26-day report stating that Iran had begun to accelerate the production of enriched uranium using advanced centrifuges, in further violation of the nuclear agreement reached with the world in 2015.
A combined external media report, the IAEA reported that the Natanz Nuclear Facility in Iran's advanced centrifuges "are accumulating or preparing to accumulate PEU".
Since the withdrawal of United States President Trump from the nuclear agreement last May and the imposition of sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the nuclear agreement reached with the major Powers in 2015.
The agreement provided that Iran could only extract uranium from a first-generation IR-1 centrifuge.
Other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
In the 25th afternoon of local time, Japan's Foreign Minister Lavrov held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York City, where he visited, confirming that a peace treaty covering the four islands of the North (the disputed islands of Japan and Russia, "the four islands of the North") would be advanced, and that relations between the two countries would be developed in a wide range of political, economic and other areas.
This was the first Russian-Russian consultation to be held as the head of the negotiations for the conclusion of the peace treaty, after Mauki took up his post as Foreign Minister.
Mogi told Russia that "there is a desire for effective consultation, including the promotion of joint economic activity (in the four northern islands)."
According to the Government of Japan, there was no detailed discussion of the Territory at the talks.
At the Russian-Japanese summit in December 2018, the Foreign Ministers of the two countries confirmed their approach to speeding up negotiations as heads of government.
At the meeting, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the areas of tourism and waste disposal.
Mogi's expectation was that the tourist pilot operation, scheduled for October, would be: "Hopefully implemented successfully, leading to the next step".
In addition, the meeting confirmed Lavrov's November visit to the Group of Twenty (G20) meeting of Ministers for Foreign Affairs in Nagoya.
Tuonetoa was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nuku'alofa: The Parliament of Tonga, South Pacific Island, elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Bohiva Tuonetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, to replace the former Prime Minister, Akilisi Bohema, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the MATANGI website, the main media in Tonga, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In that day's parliamentary vote, Tu'Onetoa won 23 votes, defeating the competitor's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of powers between the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Tu' Onetoa is also required to accept the appointment of the King.
The next Tongan parliamentary elections will be held in 2021.
The women are expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On 27 July, in a match against the Dutch women's platoon, the Chinese team was wrenched back to a city by their opponents, winning three to one lek in the Netherlands.
The World Cup was nearing its end, but the Chinese women's platoon could not be taken lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two tournaments with the Netherlands, the Chinese women's platoon performed as strong as ever, with two cities under 25:19, 25:16, until the third tournament, where the team suffered setbacks.
The Dutch women's platoon, who had fallen behind, strengthened their bowling, and the Chinese squad was hit by a legend, along with the girls' attacks, and the mistakes began to increase, eventually being wrenched back to a city at 21:25 by their opponents.
In an interview, he also stated: "Third, because we're wrong, we're sending about 8 points."
Of course, the Dutch women's volleyball was not underestimated, and the Chinese women's platoon was prepared to be difficult, and although it was lost, everything was still in the hands of Lang Ping, "It was normal for the strong to win and the five tournaments, so we said to the team members to be focused on it."
In the fourth episode, the team members actively adjusted their position, and Zhang Changning was able to get eight points from the attacking end, making a great deal of success for the team.
To date, only two rounds of the eleven rivalry have been left, and the Chinese women's platoon, although one hand has been touching the championship, did sound the alarm bell to the Chinese women in the match against the Dutch team: the more critical the moment, the more it will be.
In another match on 27th, Russian and American women finished five, and the U.S. team failed to take three-thirds of their opponents, so that the Chinese women's platoon could be crowned in an earlier round if they did three-thirds of the race against Serbia.
The situation is evolving in favour of Chinese women.
However, although the Serbian team had so many major players, this did not mean that they could easily deliver three to the Chinese team.
In its current form, the Serbian team had virtually no medals, which meant that they could "lightly load" against the Chinese women's platoon, lay down the burden to fully shock their opponents, and the Chinese team was under pressure to win the championship, and the situation could fluctuate.
In addition, the replacement Serbian team was not a "cut-down" of lambs, and in previous battles with the Netherlands, both sides were in the 5th of the war, and the Serbian 2nd team was able to reverse the Dutch overall thickness, as shown by the depth of its thickness.
Before the start of the third stage of the race, Rang Ping also said that both teams would not fight against him: "The race in Osaka would be very difficult, and we would have to prepare carefully as we have done in the past."
Today, the coronation's corners have been blown up, and the race has actually entered the "white heat phase".
In realism, the Chinese women's platoon is above their opponents, but only at the last critical juncture, and it is also up to the women's platoon to be able to achieve their normal level and to release themselves from the tournament.
The University of Macao today (27) hosts the "Second Macao Dry Cell Symposium", which attracts more than 100 experts from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao in the field of stem cell research, and shares and discusses the latest techniques and developments in stem cell research with teachers and students in Macao.
The Vice-Chancellor (Research) of Australia said that stem cell research had medical value and was one of Australia's major scientific research projects, and that the seminar had helped advance research and development in the field of stem cells in Macao.
Grave stated that Australia, as the leading internationalized comprehensive university in the West Bank in the Cantonese Hong Kong, Australia, was committed to building a talent-building base and science, technology and innovation centre in the West Bank in the Great Bay Area, which would help innovation development in the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together research experts from both the sea and the interior of stem cells and shared the latest technology, which would help to promote research and development in Macao stem cells.
The director of the Australian School of Health Sciences, Deng Chuasha, said that Australia had increased scientific innovation and transformation in recent years, and had made significant improvements in the number and quality of papers, as well as in stem cell research.
At the conference, leading scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Wizi, a member of the Academy of Central Sciences and director of the University of Yunnan Kunming College of Pedagogical Transformation Medicine, explained the use of the 3D culture system to study the processes outside monkeys and human embryos and their molecular mechanisms; the research fellows of the Shanghai Bio-Chemical Cell of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to describe temporal and spatial changes in the decision and organization of the cell spectrum of mouse embryos after bed at single cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor at the State University of Pennsylvania, to demonstrate how to use biomaterials to simulate dry cell micro nests for survival and transmission.
Xu Ren, Deputy Dean (Research) of the Australian School of Health Sciences, Chen Guoqai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Australian Institute of Chinese Medicine, also presented their most recent and important results.
The Second Macao Dry Cell Symposium was hosted by the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, co-organized by the Chinese Medical Institute of the University of Macao and the National Focus Laboratory for Quality Research of China at the University of Science and Technology of Macao, with the participation of the Acting Senior Managing Director of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, Chen Xian.
The seminar consisted of 11 academic reports on embryo development and tissue generation, conversion medicine, institutional research and transformation applications of stem cells, biological materials and applications.
The workshop was conducted in a lively atmosphere and participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu stated that it was a seminar that provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and elsewhere, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony for the award of the National Medal and the National Honours of the People's Republic of China will be held on a solemn basis.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the award of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the National Honorary Title will be held on 29 September at 10 a.m. in the People's Assembly Hall.
The Central Secretary of the Communist Party of China, the President of the State, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Xi Jinping, will each award the "Republican Medal of Friendship" and the "National Honorary Medal" to the recipients of the National Order and the National Honorary Title.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the award of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the National Honorary Title will be held on 29 September at 10 a.m. in the People's Assembly of Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic".
The Order of the Republic is based on red and gold, with elements such as the coat of arms, the Pentagon stars, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, the Mountains, and the Mudan, the strands of which are made with elements such as the Chinese kibbutt, e.g. the intention, the Lan flowers, and other processes, symbolizing the great contribution made by the recipients of the Medal to the construction and development of the Republic, praise for the highest national honor, blessing the prosperity of the Fuzhou nation, and the Chinese dream of the great renaissance of the Chinese nation, united by all the peoples of the country.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The Order of Friendship is based on gold and blue colours, with elements such as pigeons of peace, earth, hand shaking, load flowers, and stains made from traditional craftsmen such as the Chinese kiege, Huan Ying, Mudan, Made, and Lanzhou, all of which are made in the form of wire mosaics and choked envalang, symbolizing the Chinese people's friendship and friendship with all peoples and wishing the nations of the world to flourish together.
This is the National Medal of Honour.
The National Medal of Honor is based on red and gold, with five stars, the Cheonan Gate, the oystan, the flag, the light, and other elements in the stamp, the Chinese kings, flowers, etc. The strands are made from cool-pressure, flames, enamels, etc. It symbolizes the significant contribution of the national honorary title recipients in various sectors, demonstrates the leading role, motivates the people of the entire country to remember their original heart and to remember their mission, and struggles tirelessly to achieve the Chinese dream of the great renaissance of the Chinese nation.
The award ceremony will be broadcast live by the Central Radio and Television (CRT) and the Xinhua Network, as well as by central and key news websites such as the People's Network, the Central Television Network, the China Network, and new media platforms such as the People's Daily Client, the Xinhua News Client, and the Central Television News Client.
Stoltenberg gave a speech at the U.S. West Point Military School: "For 70 years, NATO's containment and defensive measures have been based on the preservation of technological superiority."
He said that the time was changing.
Stoltenberg said: "We're experiencing increasing competition.
So we should now redouble our efforts to be sure that no one will exceed us."
He said: "Some new technologies have not been developed by NATO member States, but in authoritarian countries.
Chinese companies are studying the 5G network.
Russia developed an independent Internet and invested heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles.
Stoltenberg said that the future security of NATO was "dependent on the ability to understand, accept and apply state-of-the-art advanced technologies".
On 24 September, "A boat ticket took me to see" the caring disability was held in Changsha Orange, where more than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Star Mail Wheel, and the Xiangjiang Gangwangwang, celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event were first to board a cruise ship.
The 56-year-old Zhao Zhenggang was a mutilated person, who had little chance of leaving the house because of the inactivity of his feet.
He said: "This day, for the first time in a cruise ship, enjoyed the expansion of Xiangjiang at close range, and felt the development pulse of Changsha, which was emotionally excited and unforgettable."
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Services Centre in Changsha and the Blue Sky Rescue Team provided meticulous services to the disabled.
In particular, for those with severe physical disabilities, the volunteers would carry them to and from the ship.
According to the head of the Fukuang Social Workers' Service Centre, over the past 70 years the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha city has progressed with the support of the party and the Government, with a growing number of persons with disabilities becoming genuine participants, contributors and beneficiaries of socio-economic development, caring for persons with disabilities and caring for and supporting the cause of persons with disabilities becoming the consensus of society as a whole.
The Republic is about to celebrate its seventieth anniversary, and the mass media of the various routes have soared that many of the images we do not remember at all times are flashing – it is them who bring heat to our bright days, inextricably bound, and a source of light ...
However, if the hero walks around, it also seems as good as you're like me.
Yuan Lung Ping, the study of sleeping rice, and the development of a breeding paddy, so that tens of millions of people can no longer be hungry and desperate; Qin Yi, the old farmer who likes to walking on the field; Nan Randong, the chief scientist who is preoccupied with the "heaven eye" of China, a man, a lifetime, a boil, a life, a cold head, and an old man in the hills of Guizhou; Yu, a man, a child from a late village, an old man, an old man, a bloody bloody white hair at the top of the school, an unnamed hair of the dark; Qin Yi, through a half-day film artist, over nineteen years of age, and for the purpose of
They, who are blessed, blessed, blessed and blessed, can live as long as they are indulged in the work of the foreigners and their brooms are cherished, and they can live as fast as they are unintelligible and precious.
Like the Jin Yong fiction, the Shaolin monastery hides the sweeping monk of the Cabinet, and, despite the apprehension of the world's martial arts, does not despair or despair.
Every "sweeping monk", every bare-bear colon behind which there is a home to me.
The family not only carries the shoulders of heroes, but also holds the grip of billions of nations.
Once, the words of a female secondary school student were switched to madness by an Internet friend, "When the hero passed, someone would always be sitting by applause ... I didn't want to be a hero, I wanted to be a person sitting by applause on the roadside."
Indeed, it is not contradictory that heroes and heroes be applauded.
The people who applauded the road were also transmitting heat and light, and were themselves light-greaters.
As you, like me, there are always some edges, some transients, an accumulation of moons, and models of heroes.
The best judge of Shanghai, Zou Beihua, who was entrusted with the task of judicial reform, gave the room teacher the opportunity to tell his story at the annual meeting, and sent numerous newspaper letters throughout the year, "It's not simple to do something well" and the judges of Zou Beihua gave the "sweeping monk's old hair".
This is a hypocrisy between the heroes, one of whom applauds another.
Sweeping monks have Shaolin temples that hide the cabinet, Yuan Lungping has a vast rice field, Nan Randong has "the heaven eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Yi-chang has a rostrum ... Are heroes, not alone with their own efforts, better environments and positive incentives.
For example, "Chinese Heaven Eyes" is now seen as a myth.
In the 1990s, Chinese science and technology climbed hard, and the novelist Liu Zhuhin had not yet written "Three Bodies".
At that time, the "eye" of the cattle was the single-calibre radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico, Arecibo, 350 metres in diameter, and was considered the most "unable to surpass" world.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less diameter than one tenth.
In Japan, Nan Randong, who enjoyed world-class scientific research and salaries, insisted on returning home with a nearly insane idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China, to receive more messages from outer space!
We're going to be a star, and we're going to do it?
The motherland trusted Nan Nandong, and the "Eye of the Heaven" project opened.
The site was selected for 12 years, and the project was completed for 9 years.
The 500-metre-calibre "eye of the sky" opened, and China made "the world's unique scientific engineering" without precedent.
Thus, "the heaven eye" is not enough, and the South Indo-East are not, and there is a large and hopeful republic.
With the trust of the nation and the goodwill of its citizens, the Nanjongs had the opportunity to become the bold of the soul of the nation.
A country with young talents and white heroes who walked with light applause at the roadside was a good and harmonious country.
Garbage classification education in Jilin kindergarten
On 27 July, a kindergarten in Jilin, Jilin Province, conducted a garbage classification education course that taught young children to identify recyclable and other types of garbage.
It is known that this is the first time that waste is classified into local early childhood education classrooms.
Previously, nine departments of the province of Jilin jointly issued the Jilin Programme of Work to Promote the Classification of Urban Living Waste in the province.
In 2019, on the basis of a pilot project on the compulsory classification of garbage in Changchun, the province decided to work on the classification of garbage in local cities.
The city of Jilin is one of these.
It is our hope that this event will lead to a family-led by young children, a kindergarten-led society and the promotion of the concept of environmental protection.
Hi Fan International Kindergarten Executive Director Liu Juan said.
On the same day, the gardener read out an environmental initiative, hoping that the garbage would be classified from the child.
After performing "Lower Carbon Bebles" dance, the children made garbage-classified small games.
The instructor also issued "recoverable" "other garbage" labels, advising the children to stick to the garbage bucket and record small videos when they returned home.
Liu explained that the kindergarten had been promoting low-carbon, green environmental concepts and regularly opened environmental lecture halls.
The garbage disposal sites in the gardens have also been equipped with barrels that can be classified, and the types of garbage are indicated above.
Teachers teach children what is recyclable goose
According to preliminary statistics, urban waste generation in the province of Jilin in 2018 amounted to approximately 5,465,200 tons, all of which were treated in the dust dumps.
Of this total, 3,2929,000 tonnes were sanitary landfills, 2,09,233 tonnes were incinerated and 8,01,000 tonnes were treated using an integrated use process.
After many years of effort, the province's municipalities and districts have been able to decontaminate garbage.
The Jilin Provincial Work Programme to Promote the Classification of Urban Living Waste, which has been issued, explicitly calls for further activities such as garbage classification in schools, teaching materials, classrooms, etc. to enhance interaction between students and parents through the creation of garbage classification songs, songs, lyrics, cartoons, micro videos, etc. "to educate a child, influence a family, bring a community and nurture a new generation".
According to data released by Mazda on 27 September, global sales amounted to 11,7015 in August.
In China, sales dropped by 21 per cent due to the under-investment of new trucks and reduced prices.
In Japan, domestic sales decreased by 6 per cent, and there was limited demand for riders before the consumption tax was increased in October.
In August, Mazda sold 17729 units in China.
In August 2018, it was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
China's dedicated primary SUV "CX-4" sales decreased by 14%.
The CX-4 was released in 2016 for a long time, and the effect of the new car was reduced.
Reduced prices due to strategies to raise brand value from a long-term perspective are also known to have a significant impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% to 27,482 units, increasing 14 months later.
SUV "CX-5" sales increased by one day more than the previous year's sales day, along with "enhanced promotional and promotional activities" (Mazda).
Domestic sales fell by 6 per cent to 14422 units in Japan.
The company stated that the emergency burglary before the tax increase was "not as high as the previous (2014)".
Small cars such as Demio (Démieu) have been sold less.
Shirk's long-standing political legacy
On 26 local time, former French President Chirac died at the age of 86.
The great political legacy of the French politician, who was in power that year, still deserved our praise as the world was in the midst of a century-old coup d'état.
Chirac had served as President of France for 12 years in a very charismatic manner.
He inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of de Gaulleism and his strong support for European integration, representing the pursuit of "European Dreams".
At the same time, he strongly advocated multipolarization and multilateralism in the world and was a strategically visible politician.
For this reason, the French press described him as "a prominent representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's political judgments was against the American-dominated war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined with Germany to clamp down on U.S. pressure and was in the forefront of the anti-war campaign.
A year after the outbreak of war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to increased terrorist activity and would make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was very correct.
In the wake of European integration and the growing rise in the unilateralism of the United States, Chirac has no doubt been very instructive for strategic thinking and choices in international political and global affairs.
Chirac was also a French politician who had become familiar and cordial to the Chinese.
He was one of the promoters and creators of the "Golden Decade" of the Chinese-French relationship, and when he was first elected President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of the Chinese-French relationship with the strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, a comprehensive strategic partnership between China and France was established, and bilateral contacts between China and France entered an entirely new phase.
During Chirac's reign, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and cooperation between the two countries in various fields, including aviation, nuclear energy and rail transport, made groundbreaking progress.
The Chirac initiative, the Year of Chinese and French Culture, created a new cultural exchange model in the history of Chinese and French.
Chirac was particularly impressive about Chinese culture throughout his lifetime.
According to his Chinese diplomat, Chirac was able to carry some poems from Li Bai and Duff, and even accurately judged the history of the Chinese bronze apparatus.
"Do not see the pyramid as actually going to Egypt, and not the Qin-chan is not really going to China"—the gold sentence comes from Chirac.
Shilak, who received a special visit from Xinhua News Agency reporters, said: "The West is concerned about China's political and social development, the ecological problems associated with China's economic growth, and China's political status at the international level.
But I personally have confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization and that its experience has been sufficient to help it to establish ideas and values for harmonious development, and to assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time."
I also believe that China's renaissance will bring new and creative energy to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Spaniards have gone, but the political legacy and revelations of Chirac to the world will survive.
The Seventh China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference, on the theme "The Digital Gallery and the Future of the Wise", was inaugurated in Wuhan, where nearly 1,000 experts and industry leaders in the field of big data research focused on big data hotspots and interpreted the technological process of big data in the artificial intelligence age.
The conference was hosted by the Chinese Computer Society (CCF), co-hosted by the CFC Committee of Experts on Major Data and the Chinese University of Science and Technology, organized 5 invited reports and 188 forum reports, and established 33 thematic technical and industry sub-forums to discuss the results of research on big data base theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and science and technology.
The CCF Major Data Academic Conference, aimed at strengthening contacts and exchanges between national and foreign scholars in the field of big data, promoting multidisciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry, has been developed in seven sessions as an academic conference on big data, which focuses on the exchange of scientific results and has been the most influential in the country. Its content has been extended to such areas as basic theory and the application of technology.
Members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR have joined forces to oppose the bill
Some members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR issued a 27-day joint statement expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Committees of the United States Senate and the House of Representatives.
This statement, co-sponsored by 40 formed members of Parliament, states that Hong Kong's rights are currently conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including the status of a free trade port and a separate customs area, the economic, financial, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports fields, and the "Hong Kong, China" to enter into business, cooperation and development relations with various countries and regions of the world, and to conclude and implement bilateral and multilateral agreements.
These rights are not exercised by any foreign government or legislative body.
Hong Kong has always strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, and has worked with different countries and regions to engage in cooperation in a number of relevant fields.
The statement stated that the U.S. Senate Foreign Affairs Committee was not necessary to pass the relevant bill, but only to respond to the call of its harbour agent as a means of gross interference in the internal affairs of Hong Kong and of securing political rhetoric for its agents in Hong Kong.
The members of the group deplored this move and strongly opposed it.
The statement stated that Hong Kong was an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surpluses.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, a fair and free business environment, and a clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
The passage of the bill by the United States, in addition to fighting Hong Kong and the United States' own interests, would aggravate relations between China and the United States without any benefit or prejudice to others.
The declaration stated that Hong Kong would continue to enjoy the rights conferred on it by the Basic Law and fulfil its obligations as it had done in the past and with unwavering implementation of the "one country, two systems" approach.
Hong Kong would continue to make its due contribution to the international community and to international trade, whether past, present or future.
According to The European Times, the reform of the immigration policy will be discussed next week in both chambers of the French Parliament.
French President Marcron had recently claimed that France could not "adopt everyone", but at the same time sought to "adopt it properly".
Marcron was reported to have attempted to find a compromise route in immigration matters to slow the impending debate.
In a recent interview with the General Assembly during its general debate in New York, Marcron expressed the hope that there would be a genuine "two-pronged" solution to migration policy, striking a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Marcron said, "If France wishes to be properly admitted (migrants), it will not be able to accept everyone."
Marcron identified four priorities of his immigration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; more efficient integration of migrants; reception and protection of all migrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement of persons who had entered France illegally and who were not in a position to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the National Health Assistance (AME) system was the most widely discussed issue in the past.
Marcron said he wanted to be able to "assess" the system, but not to cancel it, but to limit it.
Following Marcron's speech, the far-right leader of the National League, Le Pon, tweeted that Marcron's statement was "hollow talk".
Rashel, a member of the right-wing Republican Party and President of the Senate, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a way that was "faced with reality" but "faced with reality" and indirectly criticized Marcron.
Left-Socialist Congressman Vallau said that France should "adopt more and better" with regard to immigration, and criticized Marcron's "cooling" issue.
It was reported that a new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act, which had been enacted for one year, had led to disagreements within the ruling party but had not been able to reassure the right-wing opposition.
In the next 2022 general election, the subject of immigration policy would again be the focus of far right-wing attacks, and Marcron would need to make a difference on the issue, but would also run the risk of furying left-wing members within the ruling party.
It was reported that immigration policy would be debated in the lower chamber of the French National Assembly on 30 September and in the Senate on 2 October.
There are indications that China's A Unit is in the process of "camping back" and that many listed companies have taken "real gold and silver" to buy back the company's shares.
According to the financial data service provider's Eastern Wealth, as of 27 September 2019, the company listed in stock A had repurchase implementation totalling more than 100 billion yuan (RMB, Lower RMB), well above the figures for the same period in previous years, marking a record high in stock repurchasements.
In response, Xu Yang, Chairman of Shanghai Macorong Information Consulting Limited, said that the overall low valuation of the A stock market this year, the buy-back of shares at a relatively low price, was beneficial to listed companies for more efficient use of the funds, as well as the willingness of listed companies to proactively manage the market value and the plentiful cash flow situation, and encouraged investor confidence.
In addition, a well-developed stock buy-back system has encouraged listed companies to actively undertake stock buy-backs.
At the beginning of this year, for example, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued rules for the implementation of stock repurchase by listed companies, providing detailed stock repurchase rules and guidelines for listed companies.
According to media statistics, since this year, listed companies that have implemented a buy-back increase programme have concentrated mainly in the infrastructure, real estate, information technology and electronics industries.
In addition, six listed companies repurchase more than $1 billion this year, based on the amount paid for the repurchase.
The first of these was the Ily shares, which were repurchased for more than $5 billion.
What is the market impact of stock repurchase by listed companies?
The Deputy Dean of the School of Finance and Finance of the People's University of China, Zhao Xi Jun, in an interview with a correspondent of the China-New Society, stated that the repurchase indicated, on the one hand, that the listed company had a stronger economic power and a better financial position and was able to maintain stability in equity prices and give investors confidence, and, on the other hand, that the listed company and its shareholders were responsible to the company, to the market and to the investor.
The former is based on the company's good business performance, while the latter requires a higher quality of listed companies and their holding shareholders.
For capital markets, this is the most core underlying element.
The buy-back of shares by listed companies helps to boost investor confidence and supports the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Eastern Securities Study, the increase in stock purchases for stock market A this year is expected to exceed $15 billion, based on the expected stock buy-backs set by the company listed in stock A as a whole since the beginning of the year, as well as the average stock buy-backs.
Nearly two months later, the restoration of a large posthumous mural of the Tianjin Tianjin Palace by the State-focused cultural protection unit was completed on 26 days and will be reopened during this year's National Day.
The Grave of the Sacred Saints is a large-scale traditional fresco that fully reflects the life of the mother.
It was created from 1991 to 1994 by the former head of the Tianjin City Museum of Folklore (the Palace of the Heavens), with the approval of the State authorities.
It is known that the mural was painted on the walls of the palace south and north of the palace, 32 metres long and 2.6 metres high, in two parts, with more than 30 stories of birth and descent, sea crossing and feathering, and 358 characters re-emerging their mother's life.
Changkwei Tsai reported that in recent years, Tianjin had rained in the summer and dry in the winter, resulting in a "humid dry" fresco, which accounted for 60% of the total fresco area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of the mother's ancestral murals, the Ancient Cultural Street Board and the Heaven Palace in the southern open area of the city of Tianjin initiated the restoration of the murals of the palace and the interior palace.
The restoration work was led by Changkwei Tsai, who invited four prominent national painters to join.
The restoration work was based on the principle of 'preserving as old', while the original murals were partially adapted, and the murals were repaired in less perfect places.
During the restoration, we also made innovations and attempts in colours, materials, penk, etc.
The restoration preserved the original mural style, spirituality, spirituality and art.
The palace was built in 1326 under the name of the Princess of the Sky, and is the oldest building complex in Tianjin, and one of the oldest temples in China.
On September 25, the Beijing Daxing International Airport was inaugurated.
The "Phoenix wing" of the Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal is known as the first of the "seven miracles of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is overloaded, with 100 million+ passengers carried over the past year, becoming the second airport in the world to cross billions of passengers after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is expected that by 2022, 45 million passengers and 20 per cent of international flights will be through the Beijing Daxing International Airport; by 2025, 72 million passengers will be through, and 30 per cent will be on international flights.
As the "New Gate", how hard is it to be?
The Beijing Daxing International Airport, located between the Daxing District of Beijing and the Guangyang District of Gangwang, Hebei Province, is 46 km from the Tiananmenmen line and is the largest newly built airport in the world.
The ground floor of the roof of the terminal was projected at 180,000 square metres, with 25 standard football stadiums.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the first terminal in the world to have two arrival floors and two departure floors—F1-F4 international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departures, and international departures.
The two-storey bridge outside the terminal connects the high speed and the airport, corresponding to the terminal F3 and F4 respectively—international departure to the floor and domestic departure to both floors.
The Beijing Daxing International Airport's first flight opened the era of Beijing's Twin Airports.
The new airport has been designated as a major international air terminal, the development of a new power source for the country, and the Jinjin-Hai regional integrated transport hub, which supports the construction of the Xiao'an New Area. To date, 66 airlines are interested in entering Daxing International Airport in Beijing, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong Macau and foreign airlines, and airline flights continue to be approved.
In the winter and spring of 2019, the Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, 101 domestic and 15 international, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic and 15 international destinations.
This was coordinated with the Beijing Capital International Airport (Beijing-Capital International Airport) to develop a well-competitive, internationally competitive "twin hubs" airport pattern, which relieved the capital airport's saturated capacity and better served the rapidly growing need for air transport in and around Beijing, effectively increasing the international competitiveness of our national aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, the Beijing Daxing International Airport took due account of its geographical location, the airfield's relationship with the surrounding airspace and operating environment, and the airport runways adopted a "full-direction" layout for the first time in the country, using the world's largest automated air-barrel system, establishing China's largest terminal control area and maximizing the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, nationalized automated baggage processing and information management systems were used at airports of this size in the country, and innovative baggage transport modes were introduced to improve baggage processing efficiency.
The Beijing Daxing International Airport was the first airline to fly the Phoenix's wings.
It created more than 40 new international and national airports with a national production rate of more than 98 per cent, with direct and indirect economic impacts on industry in the surrounding areas, and breathing life into economic development in Beijing.
Maghua's provisional November convention to lower the party to 16 years of age
Maverh was tentatively scheduled to convene a Central Congress in early November, with a view to amending the party's statutes to lower the party's age to 16.
With Congress adopting a downward revision of the voting age for the general election, Mawawah announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, would propose changes to the party's statutes, including a downward revision of the Mawawah into the party's age from the current 18 to 16 years.
Dato' Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of the MCA, said that the MCA had scheduled its Central Congress to be held on 2 and 3 November of this year, but due to the by-election of Danny Bei's seat, the date of the congress might change.
He said that, as the Election Commission would meet only on 1 October to finalize the nomination date for the by-election and the polling day for the President of the Republic, they would meet the following day, 2 October, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Assembly of Representatives.
He also explained that the purpose of the Commission's meeting yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the Congress and to amend the party's statutes, but that it had only happened to have been on the agenda of the by-elections to the Native Solidarity Party Congressman Daniel Danzibi, who had died unfortunately.
Wang Burxiang, Secretary-General of Shandong Bonghuang County County – Yangtong County Fu Min-Heart-Sinhua Network
Wang Burxiang, a Shandong Shou Guangman, born in February 1943, joined the service in 1967 and served as the township party secretary, county secretary, mayor, etc.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang served as the county secretary of Shandong Province, where he was a poor county in Weifang.
During the five years of his tenure, Wang Bo was happy and focused on three things: promoting the industrialization of vegetables; developing a salt beach for the north; and laying the foundations for industry, from which the bags and cashew plates were raised.
There is a tradition of breeding and lessons learned from breeding.
In the early 1980s, living farmers were not able to sell their vegetable harvests and were left in the ground.
Wang Boxiang's research found that the key to grabbing vegetables was to be in circulation.
The longevity began with the creation of a wholesale market for vegetables and opened the stage for the development of a market economy.
The party's cadre was spearheaded and smashed, and the county was in charge of all losses.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Pexiang, 17 members of the party, including King Leyi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 warming vegetable huts, and 17 "billion yuan households" in the village that year.
An extension team was then set up in the county, and with the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Lei visited the townships; more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were promoted in the first year, and the vegetable sheds then spread across the county and across the country.
For centuries, 1.6 million acres of land besides salt beaches have been painted on shallow beaches.
The local masses live in great hardship.
Sonan has a large vegetable hut, and Songhorn?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to fight for the General Assembly, and set up a camp on the beach for four or fifty days.
Wang Boxiang and the county's leadership cadres were eaten on the site, bagged on the same car as civilian labourers, restaurant, and the population saw them all stretched the thumb and beat their eyes ... At that time, Shōnai developed 150,000 acres of shrimp ponds, 200,000 acres of salt fields, 600,000 acres of cotton fields, and developed the "Pubel Basin" on the salt-base.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang City Industrial Conference as County Secretary for the first time.
During the conference, a "Comparative Table of Industrial Economic Figures for the Twelve Districts of Weifang City" was released, and the gross industrial product (GIP) was good at first glance and ranked fourth.
If the salt is taken away, however, the pure industrial output of the luminous industry is only 119 million yuan, the third in the penultimate.
Wang Boxiang, with more than 70 men, ran to the field for "brain bands".
Less than a year later, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Every year thereafter, "Take the Legion" is organized to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
There is a shortage of businesses and even fewer entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special session shootboard: 40 "career-minded people" were selected and pushed to the industry line by public selection of factory managers throughout the county.
In 1991, Shou Guang entered the country's Hundred Hills County, and Wang Boxiang was appointed deputy mayor of Weifang City.
He left over 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million acres of cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds, and 4,854 businesses, more than 100,000 "million-dollar households", a cadre recognized by the population, whose people still cordially referred to him as "Our Secretary of the Pexiang".
On 26 September, the Minister of State and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Wang Yi, presided over the Foreign Ministers of China and the African States members of the Security Council at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The meeting was attended by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Côte d'Ivoire, currently a member of the Security Council in Africa; Oyono, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Equatorial Guinea; Pandor, Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa; Kara, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Niger; and Jessinawi, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Tunisia.
Wang Yi made four proposals for strengthening cooperation between the Central African parties in the Council.
First, solidarity.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation was unilateralism, the direct consequence of which was the challenge to the basic norms of international relations and the impact on the role of the United Nations to the detriment of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries in general, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, we need to unite and shoulder in order to be strong.
In the Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not just three votes but the entire African continent.
Together, China and Africa are not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow up, influence and shape the Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China and the African members of the Security Council have established a "3+1" coordination mechanism, which must be fully utilized.
Secondly, there is consultation to resolve the dispute.
China has always advocated political solutions to hot spots, and Africa has a good tradition of consultation, as well as the experience of successful good offices of African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex challenges on the Council's agenda, particularly the hotspots in Africa, are mostly the root of the scourge of colonialism, and some are directly related to external factors.
Together, we want to use Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations to play the role of the United Nations in good offices, mediation, etc.
Third, self-reliance.
African countries and peoples are best aware of Africa's problems, and Africa has the capacity and the wisdom to solve its own problems.
In dealing with African hotspots, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen its coordination with the African side and to firmly promote capacity-building for African-owned peace operations.
Fourthly, development is fundamental.
China and the vast majority of African countries were developing countries, and we would like to maintain that economic and social development was the first place and to support each other's chosen path of development.
China would like to build a "track-by-track" approach with the African Union Agenda 2063, the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development 2030, and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries to strengthen their capacity for development and address the root causes of conflict.
Together, we want to promote greater United Nations investment in Africa's development.
The outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has re-emerged, and China has provided and will continue to do its utmost to provide human and material assistance within its capabilities, and is ready to coordinate its efforts with African countries to mobilize additional assistance from the United Nations, WHO and others to fulfil the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MINUSTAH).
The neonatal paediatrics, among others, rescued small lives.
Surprising!
The two babies pre-empt, and on the way to hospital, a 32-week premature baby was forced to be born to his father's deputy in a car.
Fortunately, obstetricians and neonatal physicians handled this small life in a timely manner and relayed it.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20, 21 February, the maternity and neonatal care unit of the Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three pre-born babies on the road for three consecutive days, and the other two were born on 120 first-aid trucks for 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng was a two-birth pregnant mother and, at 7 a.m. on 19 September, she had some pain in her stomach, thought that she was already 32 weeks pregnant, and that the first child was also born prematurely, and she picked up the waiting items and was ready to bath directly to hospital.
At 09 a.m., she picked up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Soon after leaving the car, the baby was not born to his father's deputy.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and Babao finally arrived at the Gynaecology and Obstetrics Building of the Hubei Maternal and Child Health Clinic.
The hospital security guards saw the panic couple and the baby, and immediately informed the maternity ward, four doctors such as the Deputy Chief Medical Officer Zhang Jiah and the midwife Liu Yanyan, who washed the bag and the umbilical cord.
At the time, the mother was lying halfway on the car's side, with sheep and blood, a baby boy, and an umbilical cord."
Zhang's enquiries revealed that the baby was a 32-week premature birth, that the parents of the journey had not been able to cover the children, and that he had already had coolness in the mornings of the early autumn, and that he was frozen in skin, had no crying, and had four limbs palsy.
Liu Yanyan tightened up to his deputy to hand over the umbilical umbilical cord to the jewellery, Zhang Jiah drilled from the cockpit, quickly opened the bags, heated the children with the treating towel and the bag, and cleaned the respiratory tract (such as the chart) to the newborn baby on the 12th floor.
When the neonatal paediatrician medical staff learned of the news, they immediately arrived at the nursing station to rescue the premature treasure.
At the time, the treasure's face was ultraviolet and asphyxiated with oxygen deficiency, and the doctor immediately placed him with an air tube, and in less than a minute the treasure recovered its heartbeat, and the skin color gradually recovered the red lubricants and the recovery was successful.
After entering hospital, the 32-week precious treasure had a breathing machine, which had been rescued and respirated smoothly, and the following day had been successfully evacuated.
After a week of treatment, the gems are now stable and breathing well and have begun to feed milk in small quantities.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20, 21 and 3 days, the hospital's obstetric and neonatal care provided three pre-born babies on the road, while the other two were born in 120 first-aid trucks, 29 weeks of pre-natal babies, and are currently actively treated in the neonatal section.
The Director of Obstetrics at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Institute, Sun Guangqiang, reported that in recent years, provincial mothers and children had been treated with a number of gems born on the subway and in private cars, a situation that might threaten the life of the mother and child.
The grandmother's director warned that pregnant mothers should be admitted to hospital immediately in the event of abdominal pain, water breaks, reds, etc.
In the event of a visit to the basin at home or on the road, the mother should be kept as close as possible and be able to carry blankets under the hips, etc., to prevent a baby from reaching the point of birth, heating the child immediately after giving birth and approaching the doctor as soon as possible.
Vietnam Air Technology Corporation
The establishment of VSTEA was one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the death of the first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair consortium in Viet Nam.
Two leading air technology companies in Viet Nam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhizheng, the general manager of Vietnam Airways, stated that ST Engineering Aerospace, the company's affiliate, was the largest and most sophisticated aircraft maintenance group in the world.
The Viet Nam Airways believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and will be the beginning of a promising future partnership between the two sides.
Tim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the extensive experience shared by the airline with ST Engineering would enable the consortium to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines.
The birth of the VSTEA helped cross-avigate into the market for the maintenance and repair of aircraft equipment with great potential.
There is also an excellent opportunity to gain access to modern technology and to train senior aviation technicians.
This will better meet the sustainable development needs of Viet Nam's aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing has become the focus of major global national interest - the New China Network
Prior to September 27 at Xinhua, the National Intellectual Property Operating Public Service Platform released the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index White Paper in Anhui.
The White Paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of major global attention.
This was known to journalists at the "Forum on the Operation and Protection of Intellectual Property of the 2019 World Manufacturing Congress" organized by Hefei.
The Forum focused on the upgrading of manufacturing in China with intellectual property rights (IPR) support, comprehensively exploring innovative initiatives for the operation and protection of IPRs in the manufacturing sector from the macro-level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of business practices, in-depth examination of the hot spot topic of protection of IPRs in the manufacturing sector, continuous upgrading of the high-quality application of IPRs, and accelerated construction of the advantages of intellectual upgrading in the manufacturing industry.
The Forum invited the National Intellectual Property Authority, scholars from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, as well as experts from relevant national and international industry organizations and professional research institutions, to share experiences and contribute ideas on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the Forum, the Anhui Department of Market Supervision issued the Assessment of the Quality Analysis of Innovative Development in Patent Navigation Anhui, which ranked Anhui's Regional Innovation Quality Development Index for 2018 eighth among the 31 provinces and municipalities of the country, and the Innovation Elements Fusion Index for the 31st.
The Forum was hosted by the Anhui People's Government and co-sponsored by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Authority, the National Intellectual Property Operating Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Union.
2019 Mid-NET opening Today Olympic champions
A number of Olympic champions participated in the opening ceremony with the audience and the Junior Chorus, "I and My Motherland".
The 2019 Chinese Open will be officially opened today at the National Tennis Center, and the organizing committee will hold a short and heavy opening ceremony before the evening premiere, with a number of Olympic champions and prominent sports figures assembling at the diamond stadium and participating guests, viewers, and children of the Junior Choir singing group.
Over the next nine days, including eleven Golden Week, Beijing would be a new tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center would be a good place for fans' holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the Chinese Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn, the 16th time this year.
This year, the total award for the Mid-Side Event was also an all-time high of $11.16 million.
The women's championship was $7.64 million in total, compared to the Indianville and Miami monarchs, where the latter two singles were signed at 96, while the middle network was signed at 60, so for players the medley was more "value-to-value".
The total award for the ATP 500 Men's Mid-Internet was a record high, rising from $3.4 million last year to $3.52 million, with the ATP500 award continuing, while the ATP500 Tokyo station's total award for the same week was around $2 million.
There will be a short and heavy opening ceremony before the first game scheduled this evening at the Central Stadium.
This evening's opening ceremony will include, in addition to leaders and some players, ten other winners from all fields of Chinese sport, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The opening ceremony was followed by a first round of a WTA tournament against Russian competitor Kasakina by Marshal Kim Hua-Peng of China, and the second tournament by Sofia Kennin of the United States to challenge the 2015 Chinese Women's Singles Champion, Muguraza, which unveiled the 2019 Grand Prix.
"The world's beautiful unmarried princesses" betrothed!
According to the British Metro newspaper, the Buckingham Palace announced on 26 June that British princess Beatrice and Motsi were engaged.
Motsi is known to be a 34-year-old Italian billionaire working mainly in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice was the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Andrew and former wife Sara Ferguson, the Duchess of York, ranked fifth in the order of heirs to the British throne, and was named "the beautiful unmarried princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted photographs of her daughter's betrothal on social networks for 26 years, stating: "We are very happy to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mochy were betrothed."
The British stated that they were engaged in Italy at the beginning of this month.
The betrothal license was filmed by Bitrice's sister, Eugene.
In a statement, the two said that we were very pleased to share the news of the betrothal with you.
We are excited to be able to get together on a life journey, and we cannot afford to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
A fine of up to three balls?
On 27 Beijing Time, the NBA Development League announced that it would try to impose a new penalty on a ball only once, the scores of which would be determined by the offence.
O'Neill had a very low hit on NBA stars.
The new regulations provide for a fine of 2 points for two pounds, 3 pounds for three pounds and 1 pound for two pounds.
The last two minutes of regular time and the extra time tournament followed the previous penalty rules.
Although the new season was only piloted in the NBA Development League, fans were more interested in the implications for current players if the NBA were to be introduced.
At present, many argue that the new regulations may be in the interest of the "Big Hard" Harden, and that James, who is less well fined for the ball, would be "caught".
Wuhan Promotion of the Smart Rehabilitation of Industrial Enterprises - Up to 20 million yuan in grants
Journalists learned from the Wuhan City Administration's Wuhan City Press Office (Wuhan City Administration) City Series of Commemorative New China Happy Military Express, that this year the city has accelerated industrial smart rehabilitation and implemented transitional subsidy measures of up to $20 million.
To date, information has been collected on the smart rehabilitation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises of more than 800 sizes.
Zhang Hong, Deputy Director of the Wuhan City Bureau of Economics and Informatization, introduced the Wuhan programme of action for the intelligent re-engineering of industrial enterprises, initiated this year, provided free consulting and diagnostic services and proposed solutions for industrial enterprises of more than one size in need, and comprehensively promoted a new round of high-level technological re-engineering.
It is planned that the city of Wuhan will openly select a number of specialized diagnostic services each year to carry out a survey of the needs of all industrial enterprises of all sizes and above, in the form of special columns, questionnaires, open-door entries, etc.
To date, information has been collected on the smart rehabilitation needs of more than 800 customized industrial enterprises, accounting for almost one third of industrial enterprises above the city size.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to host companies to conduct "one-on-one" on-site assessments and programme validation.
Zhang Hong introduced that the city was currently organizing 373 smart rehabilitation projects with a total investment of 29,760 million yuan, the first 5G smart production line in Rainbow Communications, the national leading smartphone production line in Motorola, the Wuhansei Gate transformer digital unmanned plant, the first quantitative satellite production line in the country for space scientists, the world's leading production line for new types of veterinary medicine smart production, the European Smart House Network smart production line, and the successive start-up of the smart workshop and smart factory.
In addition, the city of Wuhan has increased financial and financial support for smart rehabilitation projects.
This includes investment in the smart transformation of industrial enterprises, which is actually completed; investment in hardware of equipment, soft investment in research and development, 8 per cent, and a transitional grant of up to $20 million.
At the same time, financial institutions such as the Active Joint Intercourse and the Wuhan branch of the Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce provide personalized financial services for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises and significantly relieve the pressure on business financing.
Trudeau "Population collapsed", and he was also able to be re-elected.
This time, Trudeau stumbled off a "great crater" that Trudeau had dug himself.
In recent days, Canadian media have come to light with the old photographs of current Prime Minister Trudeau, who portrayed himself as black.
This was seen as an obvious act of racial discrimination, which caused a great upsurge in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian population did not buy the money.
Trudeau would have pulled stones and smashed his feet.
As noted by political commentators Leigh and others, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party (FLP) have been highly accusing opposition parties or dissenting members of their party of "big losses" in this regard since the rise of the anti-black-face movement in the United States, and have repeatedly threatened that "no matter who commits this error should be summarily dismissed".
Simply put, this time, Trudeau stumbled off the "great crater" from which Trudeau himself excavated.
Trudeau was the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, a young and handsome man who had blown off a "political idol" cyclone.
He was originally a "politician" and succeeded the Federal Liberal Party in an unexpected and beautiful war in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative elections, when the Federal Liberal Party was half-represented in the lower house of the Federation, gaining valuable separate cabinet power.
At the time, Trudeau put forward a number of deaf-minded political platforms, ideas, such as "ethnicity and gender equality" "eco-environment" and "economic revival", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "uncorrective winds".
However, for five years he has been in power, in almost all of the above-mentioned areas, "highly low".
The issue of "ethnicity and gender equality" was left aside from the "black face" event, which had led to a series of "honourless" issues relating to Aboriginal people, which had led Aboriginal groups and chiefs to move protest tents to the gates of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of Canada's statehood.
In the fight against corruption, at the end of last year, Trudeau was involved in a boiling "Lanvangelings incident".
It was exposed to serious irregularities in favouritism by the "Langwangling" construction and engineering company in his home country, and pressure was put on the authorities and officials responsible for the investigation, who were asked to "highly raise your nobility".
In addition, Trudeau moved to the officer who revealed the fraud after the troubleshot—the previously mentioned Wang Chuadi, who was the Attorney General of Canada when he was the first to disclose the fraud and to handle the case directly.
Although the case itself has doubts, its suspicion is difficult to dissipate.
Many observers noted that Trudeau's five-year-old administration had collapsed, mainly as a result of his own "pits", while the largest "pits" were no more than the "tiger snake tail" and the "self-eating fruit" than the "lawyer".
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Red poll data show that the number of respondents in support of Trudeau has fallen from over 60% to over 30% from 2015 to the present, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to over 60%.
Although the performance of other opposition parties and their party leaders was equally poor, even a significant number of voters who were still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party now did not think of the Federal Chancellor, the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, a new Canadian federal legislative election was about to begin, and would Trudeau be able to repeat the winning series five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Both at the level of enterprise competition, at the level of consumer experience, and at the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing's desire to develop integration are far-reaching and positive.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The Xinjing newspaper reporter was informed by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Transformation that the capital airport was already in a state of super-saturated operation and that the opening of the Daxing International Airport would enhance air service capacity in the capital.
Following Shanghai, Beijing became the second city to have two airports in the same city, similar to the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport, which mainly serves domestic air services, and Pudong Airport, which will be based primarily on international airlines, and the future capital airport and Daxing Airport, which will provide more disaggregated services for different national and international air operations.
Daxing Airport is more beneficial to the capital airport from the point of view of its operational development.
The capital airport reached 100 million passengers in 2018 and was the highest in the country, but there was still a significant power gap compared to the rapidly growing operational requirements, especially for international routes.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers for travel, travel and other purposes, and in keeping with the urban trends of Beijing's increasingly open and internationally connected cities, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, with plans to meet 100 million passengers per year and 4 million tons of cargo and mail throughput.
As a result, there is no overlap in the positioning of the two airports, each targeting different customer groups, and there is sufficient market space.
At the economic level, it is clear that navigation at Daxing International Airport would have a win-win effect, easing air traffic tensions in Beijing, accelerating the increase in passenger and cargo throughput, and creating an incremental cake run by Air Capital.
From a user's point of view, with the opening of the international airport, it is not necessary to concentrate all future travels at the capital airport, but it can also reduce the range of problems associated with over-concentration, such as longer terminal security times, slower passenger boarding, an indirect increase in aircraft and passengers staying at the airport, an increase in the burden of airport operations, and a reduction in shipping through the capital airport, which has also improved passenger travel experience.
According to media measurements of the time and cost of various routes to major international airports, such as the high speed of the Beijing–Daxing airport directly from the South Five Rings, the journey can take 50 minutes and the oil will return around 40 yuan and the high speed will cost 15 yuan, while the railroad line Daxing Airport will be selected at a distance of 20 km and 30 km, at a fare of 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan; citizens may also travel between Beijing and Daxing Airport for more than 20 minutes.
In general, there are a wide range of transport options available to citizens to travel to Daxing Airport, and within a reasonable range of costs and time.
From the point of view of trends, Daxing's airport is located at the Beijing Jinjin Jingjin transport hub and is thus far from the city of Beijing, but increased radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitating more people to travel, which is of great importance to the economic development of Lazing North and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin have access to more international airline services at Daxing International Airport, as seen in the traffic plans of the airport.
Daxing Airport's transport facilities are well-developed, and in addition to the new airport line at Daxing Airport in the Beijing metropolitan area, there are several highways connected to and around Daxing Airport.
Like Guangdong Guanguan, Foshan and Qingyuan city passengers can travel to Baiyun Airport in Guangdong by highways such as Guangdong, Guangdong and Guangdong, the residents of the Beijing perimeter gallery and the Xinxin district will benefit from easy and efficient air services.
As can be seen from this, it is not only the addition of several runways and aircraft at Daxing International Airport, but also the far-reaching and positive implications of business competition, consumer experience, regional aviation integration, and the development of regional air integration, the long-term layout and development of the shipping industry in Beijing, the diversification of options for the travel of a large number of residents in Beijing, the further improvement of the quality of shipping services in Beijing, and the promotion of the integrated development process in Jinjin and the economic and trade development of the surrounding areas of Daxing Airport.
Thus, for navigation at the airport, we have to account not only for individual tips but also for overall development.
27-day small and medium board mark 1.46% - Xinhua Network
Xinhua Shenzhen (Journal Zhao Rishi), 27 September, stated that it was high, and eventually reported 6077.23 points, an increase of 87.55 points over the previous trading day, an increase of 1.46 percent.
On the same date, the small and medium-sized plate was worth 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Of the shares traded that day, 668 were reported to have increased, 15 were cut off, 222 were reported to have fallen, and 4 were cut, including Sun Wei, and 40 were equal.
2019 Vietnamese Forum on Economic and Social Issues held in Shengzhou Huanhua Province
The Deputy Director of the Economic Commission of the National Assembly of Viet Nam, Nguyen de Tianh, revealed that early this year Viet Nam's economic and social development had seen many new developments and continued to grow.
The forum focused on the economic and social issues highlighted in the first months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and by 2020.
At the Forum, the participants held an in-depth exchange of views and views on four themes: economic development in 2019 and the impact of the partial self-trade agreement; some salient issues of the Vietnamese economy in 2019; salient issues of Vietnamese social culture in 2019; and forecasts and recommendations for Viet Nam's economic and social development in 2020.
There was general agreement that global economic growth had slowed in the first months of 2019 and that risks and challenges had increased.
Trade friction among large economies has further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) concluded that despite the uncertainty in the global economy and the stagnation of growth in 70 per cent of the world's economy, Viet Nam's economic development had achieved many welcome achievements, macroeconomic stabilization, effective inflation control and average consumer price index growth of 2.64 per cent in the first half of 2019, the lowest in almost three years.
GDP grew by 6.76 per cent in the first half of 2019, although it was below 7.05 per cent in the same period last year, but the increase is still relatively high compared to the same period in the period 2011-2017.
In anticipation of Viet Nam's economic development trends for the period 2019-2020, the Deputy Director of the National Centre for Economic and Social Projections of Viet Nam, Dund Young, stated that the Vietnamese economy had shown a high growth momentum in 2019 against the backdrop of world economic turmoil.
By 2020, Viet Nam's macroeconomic stability is expected to remain largely stable, the implementation of the self-trade agreements will contribute to trade development, economic restructuring and improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened, and Viet Nam's external export activities will show a downward trend as a result of trade friction.
It was therefore necessary to strengthen early warning mechanisms for monitoring forecasts, proactively search for trade relief measures for goods exported by Viet Nam, explore opportunities to expand new export markets and facilitate the export of various commodities, such as agricultural and water products.
At the same time, inflation has been kept at a reasonable level, thereby promoting the development of auxiliary industries and supporting the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and eco-agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Siamese Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, held a reception in Siem Reap 26 to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that, in the 70 years since its establishment, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and China's programmes to improve global economic governance and promote common global development, and has made important contributions to world peace and development, as well as tangible benefits for Cambodia's economic development and the well-being of its people.
Liu Zhijie described China's contribution to world economic growth as the second largest economy in the world, with more than 30 per cent, in particular China's "one-way-by-one" initiative, and the growing cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and Siem Reap and the provinces of the region.
He said that the current year was the beginning of 61 years of Chinese-Cambodian peacemaking, with fraternal friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries, which would be the driving force behind the economic and social development of the country.
The Governor of Siem Reap, Dishaiha, hailed the great achievements of New China over the past 70 years and congratulated the two countries for the results of friendly cooperation.
Deissah looks forward to continuing to work together to promote friendship and cooperation between China and Cambodia, to enhance mutual trust and benefit and to continuously improve the living standards of the people.
Di Saiha said that Siam's friendly relations with China's provinces and cities were noteworthy, that friendship with 28 provinces and cities in China had so far been concluded, that major cultural and theatre projects "Uggo Smile" and "Uggo Dynasty" had landed, that the Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Garden, the Siem Reap New International Airport project, special training courses for Siem Reap provincial government officials, Siam Grammar Scholarships to China, village medical clinics, the construction of urban roads, and the White Civil Bar Restoration Public Benefit project "Sumen" had been successful, and that the Siem Reap people had become direct beneficiaries of friendly cooperation in Cambodia.
The reception was attended by the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Kwenfunsson, the Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, the Governor of the Territorial Region, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, representatives of Chinese-owned enterprises and representatives of the foreign Siem Reap Consulate Regiment.
Ten Years of Shinhua Network to witness Digital China in Yunshu Township
With the 2009 local website forum as its starting point, the 2019 Yun Habitat Conference in Hangzhou was held for a whole decade.
From the concept of a "cloud fog" to the practice of "top cloud", big data and cloud computing became one of the core technologies underpinning China's economic development, social management and public services over a period of 10 years.
A new "co-worker" with the artificial intelligence of Aliyun was recently added to the body of the prototype examiner at the Jungtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Hainin, Zhejiang.
It is 24 hours unabated, is more than twice as fast as manual and has a qualitative accuracy rate stable at over 95 per cent.
According to the head of the company, the "quality examiner" with a camera had concentrated on more than 40,000 defective samples, and with the cloud-based calculations behind it, it was able to rapidly convert infrared images into binary languages and classify flawed batteries.
This enterprise is only a shadow of today's cloud computing aid manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued a Guide to Enabling Enterprises on Cloud Implementation (2018-2020), which aims to achieve a significant increase in corporate cloud awareness and motivation, as well as a significant increase in cloud proportions and application depth by 2020.
The founder of Aliyun, King, insisted that today, data for central cloud computing has opened a bridge to the digital economy where data are a key element.
At the same time, our cloud computing industry has been expanding over the past 10 years.
The White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019) released by the China Institute of Information and Communications last July shows that the total market size of cloud computing in China was 96,280 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2 per cent over 2017.
In addition to becoming the key technology underpinning the transformation of the industry and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has altered urban governance and social life through ignorance.
This year, the "City Brain", which was debuted for the third consecutive year at the Conference, remains of concern.
According to Aliyun, the urban brain has now become a hub for urban management from the means of transport governance, and collaborative applications have been extended to 23 cities around the globe.
Through camera head perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain, through its strong ability to calculate, allows for "paid parking first" and "real-time perception of the number of visits" and new urban management services such as "tourist route design".
In the area of government services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing" and "hands up" is promoted in concert, and cloud computing facilitates the supply of government services to both ends.
At present, Zhejiang has established a unified public data platform throughout the province through the government cloud.
As of 11 September, the platform had covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, bringing together 1,908 million data in the 3066 category of governance.
Zhejiang government departments have made an average of 12 million monthly calls and shared data, and every time the data moves on the 'cloud' may mean that people are running their legs.
Steep plastic tea bubble tea!
According to the Central Society, a recent Canadian study found that plastic tea bags could release billions or even billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the number of microplastics consumed by one person as a whole, but there is no evidence to date that plastic particles ingestion could pose a threat to humans.
Researchers at the University of Maggill, Canada, reportedly found that plastic tea bags were leached into an almost boiled hot water (95 degrees Celsius) and that the tea bags released about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanometer plastic particles into the cup.
This is significantly higher than the number of microplastics that a person has taken throughout the year.
According to studies published earlier in 2019, people eat at least 50,000 plastic particles per year and inhaled the same amount of microplastics.
According to information received, the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, where researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in the Mont Lou Shop and Café, opened the tea bag, cleaned the bag into almost boiling water for five minutes, and analysed with electronic microscopes and spectroscopes.
According to this study, they found that the single tea bag had released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "a number several degrees higher than the plastic load of other foods."
Most tea bags were reported to be made of natural fibres, but many branded as tea bags using natural fibres still used plastics to seal them.
Some branded tea bags are no longer paper-based and instead use plastics, which are the subject of tests by researchers.
Plastic particles are small fragments of plastics, which researchers define as plastic sizes ranging from 100 nm to 5 cm, mainly produced by plastic garbage decomposition.
Researchers have found plastic particles in air, soils, rivers and the deepest trenches around the world, as well as in piped water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first discovered plastic particles in human faeces samples in several countries in different regions of the globe in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from the tea bag, the Canadian study team placed Daphnia magna in contaminated water and found that microplastics affected the behaviour of Daphnia magna and caused them to develop malformations.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that plastic particles ingestion would pose a threat to humans.
However, WHO noted that more research was needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what their effects on humans were.
Researchers hypothesized that these tea bags emit a large amount of plastic particles, possibly due to their exposure to boiling water, and that they may disintegrate or seep toxic substances even if they are heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius by "food-grade" plastics.
Guterres said that the climate emergency was the greatest threat to the survival of small island States.
There, a natural disaster could erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the hurricanes that have hit Papua, Dominica and the Bahamas this year.
About one quarter of the people in small island developing States live at 5 metres or less above sea level.
The relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life and may even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At this week's Climate Action Summit, small island States are working together to achieve carbon-neutral and 100 per cent renewable energy by 2030 so that they can once again lead the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is accumulating new injustices over old injustices.
While small island developing States have contributed little to global warming, they have paid the highest price.
As a result of their middle-income status, many countries are still trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act, and it is time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States."
Today's High-level Meeting adopted a political declaration calling for the search for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transform renewable energy; and urging international institutions to help small island developing States, especially middle-income countries with high levels of indebtedness, receive funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's lifeline -- the oceans.
The latest special report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued this week confirms that the oceans have suffered the "crossing" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, extreme sea-level rise may occur in many areas every year only once in the first century.
The report warned that some island countries would likely become uninhabitable without substantial investment in adaptation.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
Over the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold over the past 40 years.
The demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to reduced resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island States also face high transport, energy and infrastructure costs.
They are heavily dependent on external markets and are subject to price fluctuations.
Some States are also working to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: "The problem can be solved anywhere by solving it in the most challenging environment."
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples that can be drawn upon worldwide."
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
The Ministry of Finance of India has indicated that the financial system is sufficiently mobile.
India's Minister of Finance, Sitaraman, said on 26 June that the current financial system was sufficiently fluid and that India's economic growth was expected to recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by consumer demand on holidays.
Sitaraman made the above statement after a meeting of representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks, etc. in India.
Sitaraman did not indicate the specificity of these statements.
Earlier Indian and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown in India's current economy on the liquidity constraints of non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in automobile sales as an example, denying that liquidity constraints were the main cause of the decline in sales.
Sitaraman noted that the decline in automobile sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicted that the Indian economy would recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by festival consumption.
India's annual shopping season began in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expected that shopping consumption would contribute significantly to India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Department of Education has recently issued a circular forbidding all provincial primary and secondary schools to break off during the national holiday, and has organized random undercover visits by personnel.
The Jiangxi Department of Education, in its circular on the prohibition of break breaks by the Jongxi Governor, emphasizes that schools in all areas of the country's national holidays must not organize group remedial or new classes for students, nor should they conduct courses of study, special classes, courses of interest, seminars of interest, etc. or rent school premises to other educational institutions for various courses.
At the same time, it is strictly prohibited for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to attend remedial classes for non-compliance in and out of school, for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to attend out-of-school training institutions or other non-compliant remedial courses organized by teachers, parents, parents' councils, etc. and for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to present their students to out-of-school training institutions and others with relevant information.
It is clear from the circular that, in case of irregularities in remedial education in primary and secondary schools detected, the local education administration will be given a higher margin in the quality development of education in the district government in the same year, and that teachers involved in non-compliant remedial classes will be dealt with in a serious manner in accordance with the rules relating to teacher morals.
Enabling pig production Securing market supply
Sui Fidelity demanded that measures be taken in six ways to implement them.
A provincial teleconference to promote the production of pigs and guarantee the market supply of pigs is being held today to mobilize redeployment in the implementation of the policy measures of the Central and Provincial Committees and the provincial governments to support the production of pigs and guarantee the supply of them to the market.
Sui's loyalty demands that all six measures for pig production be implemented.
The mayor of the "baby basket" is responsible for implementation, and this year the province-wide 45 million pig fencing mission has been broken down to the municipalities to include responsibility tests.
The implementation of policies and measures to effectively address the "last kilometre" of policies.
The production of breeding pigs is being carried out, the subsidy policy for breeding pigs is being implemented in earnest, and pig breeding enterprises are encouraged to expand the breeding of pigs and to systematically select excellent pigs from the commercial pig population.
The recruitment of large-scale domestic farming enterprises, which have not yet entered the province, has been made a top priority.
The implementation of the market circulation system has accelerated the construction of cold-chain logistics facilities for pigs and has promoted a shift from "pigs" to "porks".
The implementation of a modern system of vaccination is carried out, with the localities equipped with primary-level quarantine personnel commensurate with the size of the breeding and the tasks involved, and the first line of prevention and control of the disease.
Sui's loyalty demands that all efforts be made to secure the meat market, to ensure that there are no large-scale shortages or large-scale disruptions, and to ensure that the pork market for major holidays is stable.
The Conference also deployed efforts to sustain pig plague control in Africa, ban re-catch in important waters of the Yangtze River basin in my province, and purchase of rice in the middle and evening of the province.
Party courses for university students in Shanghai under the symbols of Motherhood, National Soul, White Rabbit, etc.
"Myself and My Motherland" campus scoring points for university students to "be happy with Shu".
In celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the soap, Shaw Wanshen, the Great White Rabbit, and the Sino-Haiyang Shihua Technical University (Sino-Haiyuan) "Art Party" courses were held on 27 July, with four Sino-Haiyuan characters representing an average history of more than 90 years, and more than 200 youths talking about their ancestral and national souls.
The products of the old brand on the site are displayed.
The classroom lamented that the students had not thought, that the exhibition had been carefully displayed outside the classroom with an old brand name, and that the "I and my motherland" campus had a card point that allowed university students to "be happy with Shu".
The white rabbit lipsum, and the white rabbit ice cream ... As an old brand name, the white rabbit sugar has been actively changing in recent years, taking the initiative to insist on innovation and cross-border movement.
The Great White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincided with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also directed his eyes to the youth consumer group.
The party secretary and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shaw Wansheng Food Company Limited, Wang Weiger, referred to "spring ounts to eat bowfish, summer inflammatory fish, autumn Xiaose to drunk shrimp, winter clouds to drunk crab" as a reflection of people's continuous innovation in eating.
Companies have also further developed brand culture in areas such as taste innovation, cartoon packaging design, etc. to adapt to the legacy of the younger generation consumer groups.
The old-word representative spoke about the path of innovation at the "Art Party Course".
Yuji, Managing Director of the Shanghai Cake and Cake Catering Company, also said, "All innovations are based on solid foundations, and the old font is a thin process for every innovation."
Everyone hides expectations of old characters in his mind.
The small and beautiful era should begin with product-centricity.
As one of the first Chinese characters in the country, Shanghai's fresh and fast-adapted market trends, VI visual upgrades to brands, the introduction of professional operating teams, and significant increases in turnover.
"The old characters are not only seen in these traditional channels, such as supermarkets, but are now also actively involved in new retailing and activities.
Ultimately, all of our changes are intended to be accessible, accessible and ultimately available to consumers."
The Deputy Managing Director of Shanghai Soap (Group) Limited, Eyang Yingling, said.
In the future, soap production in Shanghai will continue to be highly developed, with the system developing promising energy-efficient and environmentally friendly products to the satisfaction of its users and pursuing high-tech and cost-effective pathways.
Through this art party course, the classmates were very rich.
The old word, along with my growth, carries a good memory and emotion at a young age."
Song is lamented by his fellow students.
Old characters in Shanghai represent more than 200 young scholars who speak of the ancestral situation and the national soul of the old brand.
Zhou's ripple Liu classmate said that how to excavate brand culture, so that high-quality traditional culture can be passed on from generation to generation, is an issue that we need to think about and explore as design students.
The party course is based on the "Shanghai Image" project by the Dean of the Faculty of Arts of the East China University of Technology, Ding Wei, and the "Old Symbol Collection of Brand Innovation Studios" by Najibus professors, with the hope of further exploring the cultural potential and modern commercial value of old characters, increasing the cultural radiological concentration of the Shanghai Old characters in the form of "design + culture", and exhibiting Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
According to information received, the Arts Party Course will also continue to invite literary historians, painters, certifiers, non-survivors, architects, and landscape masters to serve as lecturers through which the innovations and steadfastness of the Chinese culture are taught, the characteristics of the times are highlighted, the ideals of the university students are reinforced, the loving circumstances of the university students are well-founded, used as words, the sounding of works, the forms of the creative party, the subject of the party that the students favour, the ideology, theory and affinity of the party, the sensitivity of the party, the infection of the party's classes, the development of new people capable of serving as the great renaissance of the nation!
Ambe Jin-Three Video wished New China the 70th anniversary of its founding, adding the Chinese language
At 26 local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the People's Republic of China on the 70th anniversary of its founding by video.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Everyone is good at night, and I am Jinzo Abe.
On behalf of the Government and people of Japan, I would like to extend our warm congratulations on the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
At the G20 Osaka summit in June, the two countries cooperated to make the summit a success and, through the Osaka Declaration of the G20 Leaders, declared to the world the firm will of the G-20.
In addition, at the day-to-day summit talks and dinner, it was agreed that President Xi Jinping would undertake a country visit to Japan in the spring of next year, with a unanimous determination to open a new era in the day.
The two countries of Japan share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
It is my firm belief that the joint efforts of the two countries to address the issues facing the region and the world and to contribute to the international community will be useful in constructing a new paradigm for future relations between the two countries.
In conclusion, I would like to wish the relations of the day flourishing and the friends every success in their cause.
"The over-age peasant workers on some sites are estimated to account for more than half.
What are the young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'young people' on the site.
In recent days, the Zoukou, who worked as an engineering contractor in the construction industry, has lamented the phenomenon of over-age peasant workers (over retirement age) on the site.
In recent times, the pencil's higher schools have been carrying out rain-contaminated projects, and there have been a number of rural workers in the campus, and it has been observed that there are many over-age farmers in the campus.
Over-age peasant out-workers are not "inactive", but because they are "not leisure" and have the heinous and hard work they have to "be so" — whether they save money to solve their old-age and medical problems or help their children — and they continue to work hard and hard for the elderly, who are supposed to "left".
The "Elderly Active Life" of over-age peasant workers is not as easy as we imagine.
Parenting women, supporting the elderly, reading children, helping children to build a building to buy cars, helping children to start their own businesses, and raising their grandchildren between generations, when these peasant labourers have completed their "life tasks" and the bags have been empty, and there are many debts, most of which are lacking in wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag their children and to save some of their wealth, many rural workers insisted that they "dry until they do it".
Many "80 post-80" and even "00 post-00" new-generation peasant labourers are reluctant to work in hard-won secondary industries or low-end services, resulting in structural "working waste", which provides opportunities for over-age peasant labourers.
Due to lack of skills and reduced physical and labour capacity, many over-age farmers work in high-intensity, low-income, high-risk and low-security jobs.
It is a day in which the survival of over-age peasant labourers who are "inaccessible" cannot be ignored and ignored.
In addition to their "self-savement" and the public sector's system of blessing and human care, the problem of unpaid wages and wages is addressed by improving labour protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labour incomes, and improving the survival of over-age rural workers.
Scholars have pointed out that over-age peasant workers are less likely to rely on home-based solutions to their old-age and medical problems, and that they must support their families through other means.
Understanding the "inaccessibility" and strength of over-age farmers helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-age farmers.
Looking at the shadows of over-age peasant workers, hearing their lamentation, looking for ways to get them back to the countryside to be truly "reliant in old age", and the need for the public sector, the market and society to share responsibilities in the virtuous interaction, and the need for multiple synergies.
Chemetsov said that Russia would not export such a system for the next five years, as "the supply of its own army was first to be supplied and export production would not take place thereafter".
This practice is fully consistent with international practice.
The major producers of arms and military equipment always ensure their own defence needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Glekhov, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Air Force, said that the system was about to be developed.
The S-500 system was developed by the "Goldstone-Ante" air defense Cantzern.
This is a new generation of anti-aircraft systems that employs working principles for the destruction of ballistic and aerodynamic objectives.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept intermediate-range ballistic missiles, capable of intercepting missiles with a range of less than 3,500 km.
In addition, according to some information, the S-500 could destroy high-speed ultrasound cruise missiles, as well as aircraft, almost all types of drones, high-speed ultrasound missiles more than five times the sound speed, and even near-space targets.
Such weapons can also be integrated with other air defence systems, especially the S-400 system, which is important from a national defence perspective.
Sergei Chemetsov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
The system, he said, was currently in great demand in the world, but it was also needed by the Russian military, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defence system is in service with the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to 15 September, the conversion of the Newlying Island Arctic Air Defense Regiment to the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system was completed.
This is not the militarization of Russia in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defence, this is entirely within the context of the transition plan to a more advanced defence tool in the strategic direction of the north.
According to the Russian Northern Fleet News Service, "As the transition to the new S-400 anti-aircraft system progressed, there was a significant increase in the controlled airspace in the Arctic".
It is very important that the military assess the successful use of the system in the Far North and Arctic regions.
Air Defence Corps officers and soldiers trained in the new system and prepared for combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defence system, it is still partially retained.
Air defence systems must have weapons capable of destroying various air targets, be they high-speed outer-altitude flight targets or "fish of leaks" close to protected facilities.
According to open sources, the S-400 Triumph system, developed by "Gold Diamond-Ante" air defense Concheon, was designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, high ultrasound targets and other air attack weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 km and shoot down a ballistic target of 4.8 km/s at a distance of 60 km.
Russia never concealed that it would deploy additional air defences in the far north to ensure the airspace of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor" - M2DT anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an anti-aircraft battalion to strengthen the anti-aircraft systems in the Arctic.
The Russian Ministry of Defence then stated that the Arctic "Tor" forces would be extended to a full brigade.
Together with the new S-400 long-range system deployed on New Island and the Kola Peninsula and the Pantsir-SA short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons are powerful in defending Russia's polar sky.
It would be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the Russian government, the flagship shop would serve as a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding a complex and lengthy process of opening their own shops.
The Russian Multi-Productory Company, a Russian shop operator, focused on the sale of Russian merchandise in China.
Russian merchants have online shops on China's largest trading platforms, including small cats, JD, 1688 , Pinduoduo, hand Q (ShouQ), multi-functional instant messaging software (Wechat), and have their own online platform, Epinduo.com, and Russian merchandise retail chains.
The Russian Export Centre will work with Russian stores to develop marketing strategies and standards for participation and screen virtual sheltered product enterprises.
The shop is scheduled to open and install products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers by the end of this year.
According to information from the Russian Export Centre, the total number of visits per month to the Chinese Electrical Power Platform is as high as 1 billion.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014 and surpassed $1 billion in 2018.
At present, the Alibaba Group will also operate pilot stores for the sale of commodities from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the Global Import Strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new shop will include merchandise from businesses selling at least 500 million roubles.
In fact, my expectations are higher and the sales of 500 million roubles are not yet sufficient.
We all know that Chinese consumers are quite positive about Russian goods, which are considered high quality and green and environmentally friendly."
Kozhevnikov said that competition from Chinese consumers struggling for high purchasing power was intense and increasing.
He said, "We're ambitious in our goal, and 500 businesses were launched through this shop within three years."
The platform also hosts the products of Russian enterprises in the Far East.
Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the University of the Economy of Plekhanov, Russia, said: "This is a political project representing the image of both sides, because the Russian export centre is a state-owned and not a private institution."
"I didn't see a large number of highly competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believed that the project would probably not really be implemented, but would help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to the Russian news agency, Andrey Slepnev, the president of the Russian export centre, stated during the Oriental Economic Forum that information on the products of more than 170 Russian enterprises had been published on the largest international wholesale-line platform, Alibaba.com, which could be purchased in China and other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with the Alibaba Group, a training project for Russian enterprises by experts from the University of the Tubao, the first of which was held in July this year.
The Russian Export Centre will also be the organizer of Russian enterprises participating in industry exhibitions and commercial projects at the Second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year.
A major exhibition will be held in the 1,000-meter pavilion, which will also serve as a centre for the organization of commercial project activities, signing of agreements, presentation sessions and meetings with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
Some 50 applications from Russian agricultural enterprises have been received.
The Information Service of the Russian Export Centre stated that "in addition to the agricultural stands, we must hold business meetings, i.e. arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs".
"This is another direction in our efforts to support businesses and to ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the Expo will host a master's course, a cooking competition and a Russian-American food screening conference for the Russian cook "Exploring the Sea Station on the Russian Beauty".
Following the decision of the Mahamat Al-Addi Coroner's Coroner's Coroner's Court on Friday, the police waited for a full report and for instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
On Friday, the Inspector General of the Criminal Investigation Department of the National Police issued a statement that, in accordance with the decision of the Coroner's Court, the police would await further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the murder of Mohás and that the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, Sheriff Noahzhan said that the police would await a full report of the decision before taking action.
On Friday morning, he was asked to answer this question after attending a ceremony at the Snow State Police Headquarters to hand over the authority of the Snow State Deputy Chief of Police.
He states that the police investigated the case on the basis of the report.
He added that the police would look forward to the investigation and decide whether to call a person who had previously been recorded for questioning again.
Journalists learned from the Beijing City Garden and Green Office that, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the establishment of New China, the city of Beijing had recently adopted the main axis of Chang'an Street and its routes, which had resulted in the overall promotion of greening landscapes in the garden forests and the creation of an atmosphere of peace and happiness.
At present, all 12 stereo stadiums along Chang'an Street have been completed, and the city's 20 million basins dressed in the city's capital and populated the celebration of the National Day.
Throughout the day, the 12 glorious gestures and diverse stereo scenes along Chang'an Street attracted an objective appreciation and photographs from many citizens.
The themes of these podiums are very clear, from the beginning of the "70 years of glorification" on the north-west corner of the building gate to the end of the "Better Tomorrow" on the north-east corner of the renaissance gate, and a great deal of success in all fields achieved in the 70 years of New China's founding, showing the happy lives of the people.
The head of the Beijing Municipal Garden and Green Office described how this year's greening environment had taken full advantage of its own innovations and had incorporated new varieties and technologies, both domestic and foreign.
The garden has a total application of more than 230 varieties, including 16 autonomous breeding varieties, 18 green resistant new varieties and 11 native plants.
My country's self-selected "cold and glorious" "glorious candy" and "glorious" pyrethroids were first used.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has recently carried out a total of 12,000 strains, 230,000 strokes of flowers and 2.3 million square metres of flowers.
At the same time, in important areas such as the city-wide ring road, the Chang'an Street extension, the Chang'an Memorial, the perimeter of the new airport and the periphery of the major tourist attractions, there were also 200 topical flowers, with 20 million basins (strains) cultivated, 10,000 small stacks of flowers, 5,000 packagings, 15,000 hanging flower boxes, and a complete upgrading of the greening of the environmental landscape in the capital.
China publishes China and the United Nations and reports on climate change and sustainable development - Xinhua Network
On 26 September, the Chinese delegation to the 74th United Nations General Assembly officially published China and the United Nations - China's position paper at the 74th United Nations General Assembly, the United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's position and actions, China's progress report on the implementation of the 2030 sustainable development agenda (2019), and the Earth's big data in support of the sustainable development goals report.
China and the United Nations – The 74th United Nations General Assembly Chinese Position Paper summarizes the achievements and development of China's cooperation with the United Nations in the 70th year of New China's existence, especially since the 18th largest party.
It was noted that the Chinese President Xi Jinping's proposal to promote the creation of a community for the destiny of mankind had become the flag of the diplomatic relations of the major Chinese countries.
Guided by Xi Jinping's diplomatic ideology, China participates in international affairs in a more active and committed manner, contributing more to world peace and development and assuming more responsibility.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document describes China's important contribution to the three pillars of United Nations peace, development and human rights in ten ways.
To reaffirm China's firm support for and commitment to multilateralism and its support for the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; to point out that China's development and the development of the world have been vibrant and mutually reinforcing; and to emphasize that a growing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world in the face of the great changes that have not occurred in the world over the past 100 years.
The United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action, taking into account the nine major areas of action of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, presented China's policy advocacy for international cooperation to address climate change and China's achievements in its response to climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China considered combating climate change to be an intrinsic requirement for its own sustainable development and the responsibility of building a community for the destiny of mankind. It would continue to overcome the many difficult challenges to its development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Pact.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 (2019) is China's second progress report following the release of the Implementation Progress Report in 2017.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of China's initiatives, progress, challenges and plans for the implementation of the 2030 agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements in implementing the new concept of development and achieving high-quality development.
The report's examples of precision in poverty eradication, innovation leading development, eco-civilizational development, rural renewal, and joint "track-by-track" will provide useful lessons for other countries in the implementation of the 2030 agenda.
The Earth's big data to support the sustainable development goals report demonstrates China's exploration and practice of using Earth's big data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the value and prospects of the technologies and methods used to monitor and assess the sustainable development goals, and provides new perspectives and support to the international community in filling data and methodological gaps and accelerating the implementation of the 2030 agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute - Liu Huazhi and Liang Zhiang Art Exhibition will be opened on September 29, 2019, at 6 p.m. at the Wyehang Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
All walks of life are welcome.
The architects Liu Huazhi and Liang Zhihang both graduated from the Integrated Design Department of the Macao Institute of Technology, and subsequently co-founded the Design Corporation in 2013, which, after five years of effort, won more than 200 awards internationally, was designed worldwide, spanning over 25 cities in more than 10 countries, and successfully promoted team design internationally.
It was at the invitation of the MIT Alumni Association to showcase their craftsmen's delicate designs and to share their business mileage.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, the Macao design development was shared on that day.
The exhibit will be open from 29 September to 10 October 2019 from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. and will normally be open on holidays.
In case of queries, 85993119 can be telephoned to communicate with the Polytechnic alumni.
National Orders and Emblem of Viet Nam received by Lao collectives and individuals
In a decision issued on 21 September by the President of the Vietnamese State on the award of the Order of Independence, Viet Nam awarded the Order of Independence to 12 groups and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, its organs, the Secretariat of the National Assembly, etc., in recognition of their positive contribution to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity between the National Assembly and the organs of the Congress.
The President of the Vietnamese state, Nguyen Nguyen Fujian, also issued a decision to grant the Order of Friendship and the emblem of Friendship.
In accordance with that decision, the Vietnamese State decided to grant 21 Medals of Friendship and 17 Emblem of Friendship to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, in recognition of their positive contribution to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the Lao People's Democratic Republic.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Chien Chien Dynasty emphasized that the inextricable relationship between the two ethnic groups had been shaped from a long and long history process, and that the good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relationship between Viet Nam and the Lao people had been crafted by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kayama Fonwehan, the two parties, the successive leaders and the people of the two countries, and had become invaluable to the two countries.
Ms. Nguyễn Nguyễn Định would like to emphasize that the great friendship, special friendship and full-fledged cooperation of the older would continue to be consolidated and developed and would be increasingly advanced and pragmatic in the light of the complex and volatile situation in the world.
Ms. Nguyen Nguyen Kim Silver stressed that the award of the Vietnamese Party and the National Order and Emblem to the collective and former senior leadership cadres of the Lao Congress was a great tribute to the Vietnamese Party, the State and the people of Viet Nam, and expressed the hope that their comrades would continue their efforts and contribute more to the strengthening of the great friendship, special solidarity and full cooperation of Viet Nam.
Ms. Nguyen Nguyen Kim Silver stressed that the Vietnamese Party and the State would continue to work closely with the Lao Party and the State, inheriting and building on the results of cooperation between the two sides, actively consolidating and promoting the growing development of the great friendship, special solidarity and full cooperation between the two countries.
Collective and individual members of the Lao Congress who have been awarded the Order of Independence, Order of Friendship and Coat of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese State for the award of their honours, and have affirmed that this is not only their honour, but also the honour of the Lao Congress.
E-smoke in the United States has claimed 12 lives and caused 805 lung-related damage.
The Central Society reported that on 26 local time, U.S. health officials reported that 12 people had died of e-smoking-related diseases in the United States and 805 cases of damage to the lungs associated with e-smoking.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reportedly reported these figures and indicated that specific substances leading to the disease had not been identified.
However, most patients reported the use of e-smoke products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that affects mental state.
The surge in cases of lungs is known to be associated with the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke aerosols in the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDCP) noted that the 12 deaths in question occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, and that up to 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Electronic smoke sales have been banned in India and the United States over the past three weeks, and in New York and Michigan.
It was reported that the Trump government intended to ban all e-smoke products other than tobacco flavours from October.
When will the next bus take place?
The "Internet + Smart Plate" gives you a number of things in your heart.
On 27 November, Nanjing Smart Transport United Gaudet Maps announced that the nation's first "Internet + Smart Site Site" would officially land in Nanjing, where 54 public transport electronic screens would be brightened, a move that would completely upgrade Nanjing's information services, improve the efficiency of public transport services and the well-being of the population.
In the past, the anxiety scene of the car was played at the bus station almost every day.
The buses' operating times are difficult to predict, along the bus routes and the location of the vehicles, and the problem of buses' pain spots needs to be resolved, particularly in large cities, long commuting routes and complex traffic conditions at the peak hours of commuting at an early evening, which have made the buses' calibration rate difficult.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Transport, in conjunction with the Gauder map, explored new directions for "Internet+Transport" easy-to-people services, and launched the country's first smart service project, "Internet + Smart Site Site".
According to information received, the country's first "Internet Plus Smart Site" landed in Nanjing, merged with Gao Degree data and Gao Degree's vehicle's ETA algorithm for projected travel time, and built on the capability of "Bus Smart Site Site Plate plus Electronic Maps" to publish bus routes, public transport forecasts, and so forth.
Through "Internet + Smart Sites", Nanjing citizens not only have easy access to the estimated stop time of the bus, know the real-time location of the bus and a few other stations from the current station, but also have direct access to the road along the route in three colours, Red orange Green, making it possible for all bus routes through the station to be visible in real time.
Thanks to the "Internet + Smart Site Plate" technology, Nanjing citizens achieved easy and efficient modes of public transport such as "experience querying the position of the bus before leaving the door, time of the station at the time of public transport, time of arrival at the place of destination at the time of public transport".
Based on the "Internet + Smart Plate" real-time public transport information, it is possible to select the routes best suited to it, while at the same time maintaining psychological expectations and reducing the anxiety of such cars, thus making travel more convenient.
Over 30 first exhibits – Xinhua Network
Journalists were informed by the Beijing City Summer and Garden Administration that a total of 99 sets of artifacts were exhibited, of which more than 30 were exhibited for the first time to the public at the Summer and Garden, showing the old and rich collection of Palace artefacts and its traditional bloody culture.
The exhibit is known to be divided into four exhibition areas, such as Sai Yuji King, Fukukui Sumatum, Mike Whitakui, and Camaraki, and a variety of artifacts such as maize bronze, ancient paintings, miscellaneous, and ceramic envalang, all of which reflect the theme of "Fukukushu".
The Deputy Director of the Department of Antiquities of the Summer and Gardens Administration (SOMA) presented the high-level exhibition with a large number of artefacts, a variety of artefacts, and a large age of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the exhibits were national-level and secondary cultural objects, whose age spanned from commercial generation to Qing Yui.
For more than 3,000 years, the exhibit featured "the oldest" bronze artifacts; a large and weighing 80 jack, made of a whole corn sculpture, which was well preserved and very rare; and the first public-oriented bronze artifacts such as the South Eid al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr al-Fitr.
Qin Ray, Vice-President of the Summer and Garden Administration of Beijing, said that the cultural exhibition was based on the spirit of "living" the artifacts, on the garden ideas of the Yuyi and the garden "Fukushan Shou Sea", and on the garden collection of "Fukushu" objects, which allowed tourists to learn about the gymnasium of the gymnasium, the gymnasium of the gymnasium, the promotion and transmission of the traditional Chinese culture, and the best wishes of the gay.
It is known that the exhibition will continue until 30 January 2020.
Xinhua Time Review: Unwavering to better our own path
The 27th White Paper on China and the World of the New Era was answered: For 70 years, China's development had been successful, largely because the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, had found the correct path of development of Chinese special socialism and had staunchly followed it.
China's approach to development is the choice of history and the choice of its people.
In recent times, in an environment of weakness and internal distress, a generation of Generic volunteers has sought and followed up on the National Salvation Road.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of imperialism, the parliamentary system, the multiparty system, and the presidential system were all contemplated and tested, and the results were impractical."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and the New China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a socialist path of Chinese identity in practice.
This path is the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, the revival of the Chinese nation and the common development of China with the rest of the world.
It is precisely on the right path that China can do its business well and become the world's second largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and can continue to benefit the world through its own development.
As noted in the White Paper, this development path in China is consistent with China's national circumstances and is adapted to the requirements of the times and will increasingly show brighter prospects for development as time progresses.
Once again, the Chinese people knew how difficult it would be to find a path that was right; the Chinese people cherished that path all the way around the world.
The Chinese understand the reasoning behind Nan Orange's <unk>, and understand that it is not necessarily appropriate for others to fit themselves and that it is best to do so.
It is with this path of self-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle of world interest.
The "Historical end-of-the-life conclusion" was noticed during the tortuous process leading up to humanity.
Today, the success of the socialist path of China's identity declares the end of the "historical end-of-life conclusion", the collapse of the "Chinese collapse" and the failure of the "socialist defeat".
China's success had boosted the confidence of the rich in the developing countries and had expanded the way the developing countries were modernized. It had provided experience and lessons for the countries and peoples of the world who wished to accelerate their development while maintaining their own independence and to follow a path consistent with their national circumstances.
The world is rich and varied.
China has always respected the right of countries to choose a path of development appropriate to their national circumstances.
China will not "import" foreign models, nor "export" Chinese models, but will remain firm in its own path, achieve its own constant development, and strengthen its rule-and-government exchanges with all countries, making its due contribution to the common achievement of good governance and good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that a Goodworks supermarket owner fired a 66-year-old female worker through a text message because he preferred to hire employees from Asian backgrounds, a practice that was strongly criticized as "shameful".
The committee stated that Ms. Gail Ayton's Jianbin Wang (English pronunciation Eddie), who had worked at the Wagga Wagga shop for more than 20 years, had treated the employees "very unfairly" and could violate anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the Committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the shop in 2016 and that he had always "want to hype me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, Vice-Chairman of the Commission, conducted a search on the Internet and found that "Mr. Wang had previously published a number of job advertisements in various Chinese employment forums in Australia".
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "the first Asian woman" and the other said "the first Asian employee".
In a third post, he said that he was "more inclined to expatriate (sic) people".
Mr. Wang dismissed Ms. Ayton by means of a text message in April this year, later stating that this was due to her absence from work and the alleged lack of small cash from $5.10 to $30 on silver machines.
Mr. Sams, however, said that Mr. Wang's dismissal of Ms. Ayton was weak and unsubstantiated.
She has been absent for only one class for three years, and the "missing amount" totals several Australian dollars.
He states that Ms. Ayton's dismissal was "in fact unrelated to her actions or performance".
He said: "In my view, the real motive for the dismissal of the defence, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement issued by Mr. Wang, was that he would prefer to hire staff with an Asian background.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's actions constitute a prima facie violation of the anti-discrimination law and/or unlawful dismissal of the applicant".
Mr. Sams said that it would not be appropriate for Mr. Wang to consider reinstating Ms. Ayton in view of his "happy" treatment.
He should consider the payment of compensation to Ms. Ayton, who was a temporary worker and paid $26 per hour.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labour relations legislation, Sams stated that he would submit his own rulings and documents to the Committee's head to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be transferred to other bodies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He states that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the reasons allegedly for her dismissal.
He said: "I believe that the defendant took an unavoidable, unjust and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant, and that Mr. Wang "waited" the opportunity, which in his view would 'prove' the validity of the termination of the applicant's employment."
"He was wrong ... the defender completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her in dismissing the applicant, and it was shocking that he had acted with disrespect and extreme injustice."
Mr. Sams said that although Goodworks was a small business, "It must be frankly stated that no regular employer would be able to dissolve employees in the most unfair and perfunctory manner recognized in this case."
He said, "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Guangxi Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou–Chenzhou Xinhuangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangxi–Chenzhou Huangzhou Huangzhou Huangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou–Chenzhou Guangzhou Huangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou Guangzhou–Chenzhou Guangzhou Huangzhou Huangzhou
On 27 September, journalists from Guo Guangzhou (Guo Jun Xu Jing) were informed by the Guangxi Group that, in order to meet the travel requirements of the Guangzhou Golden Week tourists, the Guangzhou Group would open additional hot-door trains, bringing the total number of passenger trains to 175 on a holiday day, which would increase overall capacity during the peak of the Guangzhou Golden Week tourist journey.
The Guangzhou Railway Group will undertake a number of initiatives to provide passenger services during peak passenger flows.
The Guangzhou South railway station was optimized with 12 additional security access routes and 44 new terminals in the three waiting rooms, as well as 19 self-assisted real name validation units for the Guangzhou South railway station to provide easy access to passengers.
In order to ease the stagnation and congestion of vehicles along the south and south routes of the south station, three new parking parks will be opened at Guangzhou South station, with 1,000 additional parking spaces, and pressure will be eased around the south station.
North Shenzhen station will open the "High Metro-Underground" Green Line.
On October 6–7, passenger flow reached peak hours, and the A2 exit from Shenzhen North Station will be connected to the Metro, with an unchecked passageway to facilitate passengers arriving during peak hours.
In addition, East and West Square will regularly set up the U-colored fast-track for passengers and special priority passengers who will not reach the station until 15 minutes before driving.
A total of nine passenger trains were conducted on the eve of the Golden Week of the National Day, ensuring that all crews working as multipliers learn about their business, improving the quality of their services, ensuring that the train crews have a good spiritual profile and a more professional quality of their business, performing every trip and providing better service to passengers.
6 denied that the case concerning the sale of pseudo-maca paper was referred to the High Court
Six men suspected of falsifying and selling our passports, paper and identity cards, including an assistant director of the State Register and a businessman of the Dato's rank, were brought to court on Thursday's case, and charges against human trafficking and anti-trafficking migrants were approved by the magistrate for referral to the High Court.
The lawyer who originally represented the Chinese defendant Le Zhenhua, also a member of Parliament of the Sunset Hole District, applied to the judge to withdraw to represent the case, i.e. not to be the defendant's representative lawyer, which was granted.
He stated that he himself had attracted criticism from political opponents on behalf of the accused and that his party was also implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat in his own right, but that he did not want to be used by irresponsible units to stigmatize the AFP and the Hezbollah Government or other Hezbollah leaders, and that the decision was taken after careful consideration.
He also stated that there was no conflict of interest between representatives of the accused and members of Parliament and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any one of the accused, who had not been convicted to date in Le Zhenhua.
The six defendants, who were brought before the courts on 12 September this year, denied their guilt in the face of numerous charges under article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act, as well as article 466 of the Criminal Code (forged documents), and were not granted leave to stand for trial.
On Saturday, two sitting judges, Nosaha, and Mazlan, following the submissions of the prosecution and the defence, granted the prosecution's application for the transfer of the charges against the six accused in connection with the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration ordinances to the High Court, while the charges of forgery of documents would be heard at the local courtroom on 3 October, pending the transfer of the prosecution's documents to the defence.
The first six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA) and therefore the judge did not grant bail.
Along with the home country — a team of armed police forces spots
Jinqiu, a part of an armed police unit of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 metres at the military training yard, is busy training.
The bright stabbing, exclusive olive green and red shoulders together constitute a bright landscape.
Previously, journalists entered the party and felt the determination of the armed police officers to remain party and people's loyal guards, as well as their "honour-to-him" feelings and pursuits.
"Dreams for the brilliant life, writing the immortal legends of the new era ..." is a team song written by the team's officers and soldiers, "With the Motherland".
In the team, the song is the motto for each team member.
He is 1.92 m high, and stands out of the team.
As the protagonist of the National Flag Guard, he had a deeper understanding of honour.
Military personnel are honoured by hard training.
As an Atlas player, training has always been highly demanding.
He was tied to a sandbag, a cache of speed, a blindfolded walk, and a strong wind.
In his "At Atlas" career, a picture was never forgotten.
There was a flag raising ceremony and heavy rainfall, while none of the tourists who came to watch the flag raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the flag was raised, he was deeply glorified by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a base soldier.
The standards for base and Atlas manoeuvres are different.
Shui Xiao Guangguang explained that the Atlas and base crew had made more progress than 20 steps, but more effort had to be made in training.
The base soldiers were the first in the first platoon and directly determined the full size of the squadron.
After the parade was concentrated in training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and kicked his legs hard.
In the demonstration, he won the rank-and-floor gallery with precision and speed.
Nearly every officer and soldier in the squad had the same experience.
The father of the warrior Zhu Xu's east participated in the 50th anniversary parade 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps as a member of the squad, he suffered a setback on one occasion and was never discouraged.
He said: "It's my life's glorious to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father, to be reviewed by the party and the people, and to eat what kind of suffering I would like."
In the team's honorary chamber, the "master of the capital's thickness" was screened in eight large words.
According to Wang Qian, the party's government committee, all of the members of the party's team came from the Beijing General Command, a brigade force with a glorious tradition, with important tasks such as the opening ceremony, national celebrations, the security of the national congresses of the party, and the security of the capital's counter-terrorism, and the development of a large number of model collectives and individuals such as the "National Flag Guardian" and the "Hero Squadron of the Patriotic Nation", with more than 50 units and individuals awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police.
Korea attended and delivered a message at a reception for foreign experts celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
A foreign expert reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held on the evening of 27th in the People's Assembly Hall, with the participation and message of the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and the Deputy Prime Minister of the State Council of the Republic of Korea.
On behalf of the Government of China, and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, Korea would like to express its sincere gratitude and sincere greetings to all concerned foreign experts and international friends who have supported and participated in China's reform, opening up and modernization.
Korea said that, since the establishment of New China, and especially the reform and opening up of China for more than 40 years, the Communist Party of China had united all the peoples of the country and led them to beaverged and hard-won socialist paths of Chinese identity, and to a great leap from standing up, richer and stronger.
Eighteen members of the party, centred on Xi Jinping's common will, coordinated the overall "Five One" layout, coordinated the advancement of the "Four Comprehensive" strategic layout, promoted the historic achievements of the party and the cause of the country and brought about historic changes, and China's distinctive socialism entered a new era.
The 70-year development success of New China was the result of the tireless struggle of all Chinese peoples and the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts had come to China to work with the Chinese people in the construction of modernity, making an indelible contribution, and the Chinese people would never forget.
Korea stated that China's development was already at the beginning of a new history, and that the Chinese people were struggling tirelessly to fully build the Xiao Kang society for the victory, seize the great socialist victory of the Chinese identity of the new era, and achieve the great renaissance of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, and innovation is the first driver", and will vigorously pursue innovation-driven development strategies to promote high-quality economic development.
The human person was the most innovative and dynamic factor, and China would accelerate the development of a large number of strategic science and technology personnel, science and technology leaders, young science and technology personnel and high-level innovation teams with an international level.
Korea stated that China's cause was supported by the peoples of the world, that it was open to study in the world and that it was a cause of cooperation with the nations of the world.
China will take a more open and inclusive stance to learn from the peoples of the world and will firmly pursue a more active, open and effective policy of introducing talent.
We sincerely welcome the growing number of foreign experts coming to China for innovative entrepreneurship, as well as the participation of talented people from all over the world in the modernization of China and their greater contribution to the building of a community for the destiny of humankind and to the cause of peaceful development and human progress in the world.
Liu Hak, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiaote, Wanguang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by the Minister of Science and Technology, Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by long-standing foreign experts working in China, representatives of foreign experts working in China and their spouses, colleagues in charge of the central and state authorities and the city of Beijing, and was attended by approximately 1,800 people.
The deepest erection wells on our railways have been digged to the bottom.
On September 27, Xinhua News Agency Kunming (Journalist Tinyi) reported that the first long tunnel of our railways – the main well of the 1st arterial well of the Gregon Hill tunnel – was successfully excavated to the end on 27 July, and that it was 762.59 metres deep enough to break the record for the country's rail shore.
In the construction of tunnels, the wells can improve the ventilation of the tunnels, increase ballast efficiency, and ensure the safety of the works.
Song Tao, the chief engineer of the erection area at the Taiyang Project Department of the Central Railway Tunnel, said: "After successful excavation of the main well at No. 1 of the Gao Tigong Hill Tunnel, it will facilitate the construction of the construction of the underground garage, open a number of work surfaces for the later construction of the positive hole and smooth tunnel, and speed up the construction of the entire tunnel at Gao Tigong."
Song Tao explained that the construction of the 1st Erection Well of the Gorygon Tunnel, with large specialized machinery such as well shelves, well-stricking cars, well hangs, overall mobile metal templates, FJD-6A parachute drilling, and the central retrieval of rock machines, created mechanized excavation systems, ballast systems, suspension systems, hanging lifting systems, and the "four-system" mechanization of all processes such as eyes, blasting, ballasting, template installation, concrete construction, etc., greatly expedited the pace of work.
It is known that the Great East Route, west-west to Ruili, is about 331 km long and is designed at a speed of 140 km/h and is an important part of the international railway link between China and Myanmar.
The tunnel at Mount Tallagon is 34.538 km long and is the first tunnel on our railways.
Field scenes for the television series Fox
The cross-border fugitive detective episode Fox was recently fielded at Tianjin airport, and actors Wang Kai and Wang Gull took important scenes such as escorting economic suspects back to their homes, with the support of China Southern Airlines.
The Fox crew filmed the key plays most likely to show the results of Operation Fox enforcement at the airport—the Fox Fighters wanted the fugitives back home, took the aircraft, signed arrest warrants, and so on.
The crew took a number of shots from the apron, customs border checks and airbunkers, bunkers, etc. and retraced the Chinese front line, which was fly by police officers and the Fox Heroes in multinational flights to capture the hard journey and career qualities of the fugitive criminals.
To successfully complete the filming, Fox's creator team made extensive advance preparations, repeatedly confirming each execution detail and ensuring the most real and direct impact.
The show is also known to have been shot abroad.
Viet Nam needs to seize opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the level of preparedness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, ability to achieve, asset base and direction of development.
Singapore City was ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman, an expert from the Oliver Wyman organization, responded to a journalist interview with Mosin Pevanne: "I found it very interesting to review and evaluate cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Viet Nam.
In general, I believe that the future of Viet Nam is bright, against a backdrop of high growth, strong economic development paths and a rapidly growing human resource base.
I believe that Viet Nam has embarked on the right path and has done well.
It is important that Viet Nam know how to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote more economic development."
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's work, communication and lifestyle.
It brings greater efficiency, but also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, the only cities in the world today are prepared for the breakthrough of the artificial intelligence age.
Guterres said he was pleased to be here to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China's founding, and he congratulated the Chinese Government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visited China, I was shocked by the speed at which it changed and progressed.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty, the largest achievement in poverty reduction in history.
He stated that China had witnessed transformative results in its vision of achieving the Millennium Development Goals: infant and maternal mortality had declined, nutrition had improved, stunting had decreased, and access to safe drinking water and sanitation had been halved.
At the same time, China has one of the world's best educational systems, attracting international students from all over the world
The photo exhibit celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
According to Guterres, this year also marks the fortieth anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China was actively pursuing the sustainable development agenda of 2030.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China had always been a partner in ensuring that the activities of the United Nations remained stable.
China had sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 Blue Helmets soldiers on mission in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "On the eve of the 75th anniversary of the United Nations, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and engagement to build a better world for all.
The State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs of China, Wang Yi, said that for 70 years, the Chinese people had struggled hard to create an unprecedented opportunity for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always been with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also those of the world and humanity.
The pictures show covered the Chinese people's struggle, its brilliant achievements and its contribution to the world.
United Nations Press Pictures/Changli
The State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Wang Yi, is reading the report on the United Nations sustainable development.
There is a story of national unity and great achievements have been made in China's policy of national regional self-government, whether in Xinjiang, both north and south of Tian Shan, or in Tibet in the Snow Plateau.
Economic development, social peace and stability, and people's well-being.
Wang Yi stated that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, a story of peaceful development, a story of the development of the "With One Way" initiative, and a story of the Community of Fates.
As the President of China, Xi Xi Jinping, Green Water Qing Shan is Jinshan Silver Mountain.
As a result of continuous efforts, China has embarked on a green development path.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively engages in diplomatic relations with all countries of the world, plays a role in resolving hot spots and becomes a central force for world peace.
In the face of major changes that have not occurred in the world over the past 100 years, China has actively maintained the United Nations-centred international system.
After 70 years, China's Jong Chun, Anyan and Wong Jong Hua, no matter how the international cloud has changed, we will remain committed to our heart.
Wang Yi meeting with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malawi, Cassara
On 26 local time, the State Secretary and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Wang Yi, met with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malawi, Cassela, during his visit to the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi stated that the relations between the two countries had been stable and healthy for 12 years, and that cooperation in all areas of exchange had been steadily advancing.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and the heads of State of the two countries met productively to lead the relations between China-Malaysia to the new steps.
China is ready to work with the Malagasy side to continue the implementation of the important consensus of the two heads of State and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum for China-Africa Cooperation and to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to intensify its communication and collaboration with the Malaysian side in international affairs, in order to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the relations of the Central African Republic.
Cassela said that China was a true friend of Malawi and the African countries, and that its development benefited the people of Malawi.
His country maintained a one-China policy and thanked China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
His country looked forward to the further development of relations between China and China, and would welcome more Chinese enterprises to invest in the Ma'a industry.
About 800 million trips to China to refract tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel to the upcoming 11th Golden Week!
Large data from various tourism platforms show that the tourism consumption market in our country is flourishing, both in terms of supply and demand.
The tourist report for the Jubilee Tourist Association foresees that, taking into account tourism statistics from previous years, the number of tourists in the country during the national holiday is expected to be close to 800 million this year, and that more than 7.5 million more tourists will travel abroad.
Currently, tourists from more than 500 cities are scheduled to travel through the platform, free travel, customized tourism, local play and other products, involving 100 countries and territories.
According to the Chinese Institute of Tourism Studies, 726 million national tourist arrivals took place during the national holidays last year, an increase of 9.43 per cent.
Not only will the number of tourists be re-invented this year, but the increase in consumption will also become the "major melody" of national holidays.
The journey reported that the cost per tourist across the country during the National Day holiday was over $3,000, an increase over the same period last year, due to the fact that tourists generally chose better-experienced products, such as high-scoring hotels, shopping-free tourist corps, precision corps, specialist car guides, etc.
Similar trends have been reported in the donkey tourist network, where the use of comfortable cars and less than 10-person "private ensembles" is more popular than in previous years.
Tourism data from Spring and Autumn show that consumers prefer experience, service, and "slow from capacity".
Pig data show that tourist bookings have grown the fastest in the cities below and in the fourth line, at a rate of 30 per cent above the same rate, and that more people in the country have been refracted to increase their consumption.
Personalization is a feature of the 11th Golden Week tour of the year.
Data from the journey show that the number of hire cars on the holiday journey is expected to increase by nearly 60% compared to the same number, while short-distance journeys along small crowds routes around the country's jubilee continue to be highly appreciated, and the number of private regiments has increased by 155%.
Sharing joy is the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
Data from the journey show that 28% of the tourists in the National Day holiday are relatives, 25% are couples and 23% are friends.
In terms of tourist age, "80 post" and "90 post" account for over 50 per cent of the total number of visitors.
It is a matter of concern that, unlike the golden outbound movement, this year's domestic market performance has been more "eye" than ever.
Figures from pigs show that the number of people scheduled for national holidays this year has increased by 42 per cent compared with the number of national travel routes, which has increased faster than trips out of the country.
Industry analyzes that, while demand is strong, tourism-side reforms are being promoted across the country to provide tourists with a richer "literary journey".
For example, the National Directorate of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have recently jointly released the "Sporting Precision Line for the 11th Golden Week of 2019"; 7 plates of 100 cultural and tourist events have been launched at the ongoing Shanghai Tourist Festival 2019 to attract Chinese and foreign tourists; and several provinces of Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have introduced downturns or free-of-charge measures.
Portable reservation data indicate that the country has the most "fire" destinations with unique natural winds or cultural features, and Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destinations.
The country's first live-court-line film, "Time Now -- 70 Chinese Christmas", will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces of the country on 1 October.
The Central Radio and Television (CRT) will broadcast live on the screen the celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, military parades and mass parades via the 4K Super-High Qing signal.
The director of the Central Radio and Television (CRT) announced in Beijing that on the national day of the celebration, the station would have built more than 100 spaces and more than 200 sound-picking devices along Chang'an Street and at the regional heights of the celebrations, using the mirror language and simultaneous sound, with the first full-flow, 4K super-definition, and 5.1 around-the-circuit audio broadcasts.
China is expected to become Australia's largest export market for beef.
An animal protein analyst from the Dutch Cooperative Bank (Rabobank) said that following the outbreak of swine rinderpest in Africa, China faced severe pork shortages and was expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Following the outbreak of the epidemic, Chinese consumers were switching from the consumption of pork to other animal proteins, which had led to the destruction of many livestock, halved the number of pigs in China and almost doubled the price of pork in the past year.
China produces and consumes two thirds of the world's pork.
Senior Animal Protein Anal Analyst, Chenjun Pan, China, a Dutch cooperative bank, stated that demand for other meat, including beef, had increased, with China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounting for 27 per cent of the world's pork imports and 24 per cent of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Ban said that in the first half of the year, China's imports of beef from Australia had increased by 65 per cent and that China exceeded the United States and Japan, making it Australia's largest export market for beef.
Yesterday, the Government of China indicated that more pork would be released from emergency reserves before the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development within the coordinate system of human development.
The White Paper states that China has always placed its own development within the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny to that of the peoples of the world.
The White Paper states that China contributes to world peace and development with its own development.
As the world's largest developing country, China is firmly committed to its own path, concentrating its efforts on the betterment of the country and the happiness of its people, and instilling stability and certainty in a complex and volatile world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China of the new era, guided by the Chinese socialist ideology of the Xi Jinping New Age, will remain steadfast in its path of socialism.
China has always placed economic construction at the centre of its country's priorities and has been firmly committed to the path of high-quality development, to the new concepts of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared development, and to accelerating the construction of a modern economic system that better meets the growing needs of its people for a better life.
Making the population live well has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The White Paper states that China insists on win-win cooperation and joint development.
"The Chinese people want not only good days but also good days for the people of other countries."
China has insisted on the development of innovation, growth linkages, and the integration of interests, and has promoted the development of a "one-way-by-one-way" high-quality partnership for the global cause of poverty reduction and development.
The White Paper states that China is firmly committed to maintaining and promoting economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China, together with the international community, is ready to take the initiative of strengthening its leadership and making the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will pursue a more proactive and open strategy to create a more comprehensive, deeper and more pluralistic pattern of openness to the outside world, with a wider range of mutual benefits and win-win co-benefits, with a view to real action to preserve and promote economic globalization.
China was firmly opposed to unilateralism and protectionism, and would open the door to the outside world, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The White Paper states that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international justice and equity.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system, with the United Nations at its core, the international order, with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and will work with all countries to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
The maintenance of justice and equity is the basic norm for China in dealing with international issues.
China respects the path of development and the social system freely chosen by its peoples, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of States, and rejects interference by outside forces in the internal affairs of other States.
China must not impose its will on anyone, nor should anyone be allowed to impose its will on the Chinese people.
The White Paper states that China is actively involved in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible Power, China has always maintained a balance of rights and obligations, not only seeing China's development demands on the world, but also seeing the international community's expectations for China and actively participating in the reform and construction of the system of global governance.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations and promotes better adaptation of the United Nations to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideas, institutional set-ups and operating models, better fulfilment of its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations and greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, takes stock of successful practices and experiences in national governance, actively explores the positive paths of life in Chinese culture, the ideas of governance and the resonance points of the present era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, the Chinese programme and the Chinese forces to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On 26 September, State Secretary and Minister for Foreign Affairs Wang Yi attended the Council's "Peace and Security in Africa" public meeting at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his statement, Wang Yi stated that China and Africa were good friends, brothers and partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this juncture, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are defending peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting over 10 years in the Gulf of Aden and the Somali maritime areas, cumulatively completing more than 1,200 consignments of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
The China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund, announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and sustainable development in Africa, and 34 non-projects have been launched to date as new platforms for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the path to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and work hand in hand.
The death of the world's highest-age barber hairdresser at the age of 108 edited 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's highest age barber certified by the Golden World Records in New York, the United States, never retired for his daily zizzhi, but died of jaw cancer complications in 19 years, denouncing his 96-year-old cut-off.
According to CNN, Mancinelli had emigrated to the United States at the age of eight, and had not been able to sweep the floor for too long at a barber shop and had taken a cutter at the age of 12 to serve the guests, thereby reducing the economic pressure on the family.
Mancinelli, although attending primary school, did not graduate.
Robert, Mancinelli's son, revealed that his father was happy to work and that people from around the world liked him, but that his father was diagnosed with cancer in February this year, and was unable to work six weeks before his death due to physical factors, but that was not retired because he was waiting for his painting to go back and cut his hair.
At the age of 82, Robert said that after his father's death, he had to find a new barber, as he had helped his father cut his hair during his lifetime.
Over 100 billion yuan in annual buy-backs by companies listed in the year to record the New High-Sinhua Network
In order to stabilize the company's equity price and preserve the company's image, listed companies have begun to buy back shares frequently in the last two years, hoping to pass the message that the company's value is being underestimated to the market through targeted buybacks, pooled bidding transactions, etc., thereby stabilizing equity prices and increasing investor confidence.
The Eastern Wealth Choice data show that the amount spent by the listed company to buy back shares was RMB 7.9 billion in 2017, rising sharply to RMB 51 billion in 2018, and that since 2019, the total amount of buyback implemented by the listed company A has exceeded RMB 100 billion, creating a new high in the historical buy-back of Unit A, well ahead of previous years.
For the purpose of the repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares appears to be the same as the increase in the shareholders, but there are significant differences in the subject of implementation, the source of funding, the purpose of repurchase, and the equity of the stock itself.
In an interview with the Securities Daily reporter, Cheo Yang, Chairman of the Shanghai Macorong Information Consulting Limited, said that the current system of supporting listed companies to buy back shares had been improved in November 2018 in response to problems with the narrower range of stock buybacks, complex decision-making processes, and inadequate inventory systems, and that there had been a significant increase in stock buyback during the year as a result of earlier policy incentives for listed companies to buy back shares.
In January of this year, the SEC officially issued the Rules for the Implementation of Repurchase of Interests by Listed Companies. These policies widened the sources of funding for the repurchase of Listed Companies, appropriately simplified implementation procedures, led to improved governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of Listed Companies to implement equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
As a result of the advice, the listed company undertook stock repurchase operations, with more applicable circumstances, simpler repurchase processes, and greater interest in stock repurchase.
Repurchase of shares in a relatively low position would also allow listed companies to increase the efficiency of the use of the funds, thereby increasing the profitability per share, increasing the net asset return rate and relieving pressure on the company's profit indicators.
The interest of listed companies in repurchasing shares is greater than that of large shareholders, and reflects the willingness of listed companies to manage their active market value and the abundance of cash flows.
Xuyang argued that the undervaluation of stock prices was the main factor in the buy-back of listed companies, which no longer reflected the company's future development prospects, and that such companies deserved the attention of investors, but could not be invested blindly, and that attention needed to be paid to the financial reports of such listed companies and their specific operations.
Listed companies with large-scale buy-backs show at least their development confidence and financial strength.
The rebate enthusiasm of the A-market company has gradually increased and the repurchase has become more common, with data indicating that nearly a thousand listed companies have repurchased their shares this year, and that the leading companies in the various industries have become the main players in the repurchase market.
Ping'an, China, has recently disclosed progress in repurchase, stating that the company has cumulatively repurchased shares in A through centralized competitive bidding transactions, accounting for 57.59 million shares, representing 0.315 per cent of the company's total equity, and has paid a total of 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs), all of which will be used for employee shareholding schemes, including, but not limited to, long-term service plans that have been considered and adopted by the company's shareholders' assemblies.
Erie's shares have paid $5,792 million for share buy-backs and has recently been adjusted for the purpose of buy-backs, with the original plan to change the "repurchase stock to be used entirely as a source of equity incentives for later implementation" to "cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which $152 million is used as a source of equity incentives and the remaining 3,049,000 will be written off to reduce registered capital".
Erie's shareholding stated that the write-off of a portion of the shares that had been repurchased would allow for a further increase in the level of returns per share and a tangible increase in the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
The TCL Group announced on 25 September that it would buy 3.59% of the company's shares, at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The TCL Group Board Office told the Securities Daily reporter that the buyback would be used for employee equity schemes, equity incentives or conversion of company bonds issued by listed companies that could be converted to shares.
The TCL Group maintains an established business strategy, continuously improving competitiveness and continuing healthy development.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and the preservation of the investor's interests, the company plans to buy back its shares using its own funds, self-financing and other means of financing, taking into account the performance of the company's stock in the second-tier market in the last year and taking into account the company's business and financial situation.
The former HF chief economist, Yang Dron, said that the operations of the listed company to buy back shares, while reducing the number of shares in the market and increasing the interest per share of the listed company, were an important benefit for the second-tier market, and that the willingness of the listed company to take the initiative of pulling out the true silver and repurchasing the stock from the stock market had greatly boosted market confidence.
Repurchase by domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, particularly in the case of high-performance shares, and it is a very good way to boost investor confidence through stock repurchase. It is also a positive and encouraging practice.
Hunan Provincial Standing Committee and Changsha City Secretary Hu Heng Hua and Xiang Jun Xin, Leung Jiangang, Ho Qinghua, Liu Fei-chan set up a "mini-target" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to smart manufacturing"—the world's leading engineering mechanical industry cluster three or five years later.
In Changsha, the world's leading engineering mechanical industry cluster is "the strongest on the surface" in fashionable terms.
As an inland provincial capital city, where did the Chang sand shout that proud words?
The power of hegemonic leaks.
The four engineering machines in the dialogue, one with a hand-in-chief, covered all areas of the sky, underground, sea and land: the Yamagi smart plane, the Concrete Pumps of the Central Heavy Section, the three-heavy full-ground cranes, the iron heavier tunnel shield, and the "hard power" can be called "hard" and arrogant-looking heroes.
At some point, China had little voice in the field of engineering and mechanical manufacturing.
The Chinese company was "introduced" and "go out" of the two-wheel drive, taking the winds of the "Right to the Road" initiative, buying, merging, planting, and so forth, and jumping into the world's engineering and mechanical industry.
Among the major economic indicators, such as production, market occupation, and sales, are the leading firms in engineering machinery, such as three-one heavy labourers, the Central Heavyweight, the Iron Heavyweight, and the Yamagi smart.
It is the camera that manages it.
The Engineering Mechanics and Xiang Army, "The Four Big Goldmen", is the leader of the Changsha Engineering Mechanical Industry and the head of the global engineering mechanical industry.
In the lakes of the global industry, who survived and who survived was the hard-won voice.
In the early years, the world's engineering mechanics industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally known engineering mechanical manufacturing firms were downed, but Changsha's engineering mechanical manufacturing enterprise used "cats winter" as "winter swimming" with pressure, self-breakthroughs, and the transformation of manufacturing from manufacturing to smart, not only strengthening the past but also strengthening the bones.
The moon was won by the men and women.
The development of niche industries requires both active enterprise and government involvement.
Changsha's reputation for "engineering machinery capital" is based on the convergence of all-industrial chains from upstream to downstream, the creation of associated industry clusters, and the significant reduction in the cost of R&D, manufacturing, and sales in enterprises through the optimization of the business environment, the improvement of ancillary services, and the simplification of the approval process.
Good business ecology, which allows engineering machinery to be built.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building the world's leading engineering machinery, not to be allowed.
Both the Government and the business sector, as well as the associated manufacturing firms, should take advantage of the opportunities, make it possible to target, sustain and contribute Hunan's power to the building of a strong nation.
Wang Yi presided over the Foreign Ministers of China and the African States members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi stated that China and the African countries were good brothers and partners.
China stands firmly with its African brothers, both past, present and future.
We have advocated the convening of such a Foreign Ministers' meeting as a concrete initiative to implement the important consensus reached between President Xi Jinping and the leaders of the African countries at the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum last September, in order to strengthen China's solidarity with the African countries in the Security Council and to promote better international support for peace and development in Africa.
Wang Yi stated that Africa was China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen solidarity and cooperation and to safeguard the common good.
The two sides should be united, negotiated, self-reliant and development-based.
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the African member States thanked China for its initiative in convening the meeting and congratulated New China on its seventieth anniversary.
The Ministers stated that Afro-Central relations were based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China had always been the most trusted and impartial partners.
The African side appreciates the important and active role played by China as a permanent member of the Security Council in African affairs, which has contributed significantly to a just and reasonable solution of African problems and has made great efforts and contributions to the defence of African interests and the promotion of peaceful security in Africa.
Africa is currently faced with the threat of terrorism and extremism, and only by addressing security concerns can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
It looked forward to further harmonization of positions with China in the Security Council and greater solidarity and cooperation.
Wang Yi stated that an important consensus had been reached at today's meeting.
We all support multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and rejecting unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen the mutual support and cooperation of Central Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council and to safeguard the common interests of Central Africa and the developing countries in general; we all support the African approach to Africa and call on the United Nations to provide financial support for African-owned peace operations; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development and development for peace" to help African countries achieve autonomous and sustainable development; and we firmly defend the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country that creates obstacles to developing countries and deprives them of their right to development.
Gansu Qingyang: The lake is packed "to get out of poverty".
The September autumn renders the Yellow Plateau.
A 58-year-old villager, Xiavelli, in a professional cooperative for the breeding of the breeders in the town of Ma, filled with a last spade in the sheep, and guarded at the beside the lake and chew a white lake sheep.
"To eat well, to be full of the autumn and winter, and to get out of the columns for good money."
Shavelli said that he fed sheep "special nutritious meals" on a daily basis, regularly cleaned, bacterially sterilized, and did not dare to sleep.
Shavelli raised sheep for more than 20 years, and did not know how rough sheep had been laid in the past until she was working in a cooperative.
Shaveli is a member of the village of Jingyang, Gyeongyang, Gansu Province.
His left-right neighbour was a sheep breadwinner, but maintained the traditional diaspora, the sheep was of poor quality and the fence was small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the Government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shavelli was buried throughout the day for breeding and breeding, as he had always had a lot of energy in his heart.
The shareholders were poor households, all of whom hosted sheep to cooperatives, who could not be divided and sold at a price at the end of the year, but all looked to him.
With the guidance of a skilled man, he slowly learned to prevent the disease, and was given scientific breeding, which became a "good-path" for a small number of breeding in the village.
The Benevolent Farming Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lakes and sheep.
The head of the cooperative, Zou Tao, said that there was a great deal of doorways both inside and outside the standardized sheep shed.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria, the lake is not allowed to stay in a hot humid place, the sheep shed must be built in a three-sided ditch, and the wind switches must be installed to disperse the heat."
Zou Tao said that, in order to prevent the disease, sheep sheds had to be sprayed regularly and sheep had to be treated three to four times a quarter.
In addition to living well, "small sheep" has to eat a mixture of maize, weeds, alfalfa, etc., and has a sufficiently wide "gymnasium" brake.
Cooperatives adopt a custodial alternative approach to directing local farmers to place their lake and goats in the area, to maintain, manage and sell them uniformly, and to achieve good breeding, scientificization, standardization and intensive farming.
Today, there are 140 poor households with sheep, each with a dividend of more than $6,000 per year, and four pro-poor people working in cooperatives.
From "Long Yaman grazing" to "Fooding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "watching, stomaching" to "B-by-B Super" ... In Gansu Qingyang, sheep farming is a shift beyond mere feeding, and the "Longhead Enterprise + Cooperatives + Farmers" model is a change in what was once "heat on the slopes and sheep sold in the marketplace", overcoming the weakness of the traditional farming industry, and the poor of the peasants becoming better off as sheep is modernized.
Zou Tao said that if market prices were weak, the local lead company Gansu Sheng Agriculture Development Ltd. would be bought at a guaranteed market price of $27 per kilogram to help farmers diffuse market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, General Advisor to Gansu Sheng Shin Agriculture and Ranching Development Ltd., said that businesses had led to an increase in the number of poor households with the idea of "the sheep" by providing loan guarantees, sheep supply, ordering, bid purchase, uniform processing sales, etc. for poor households.
In Qingyang, at least 8200 poor families achieved a steady increase through "allied" agrarian herding, good breeding, mass breeding, slaughter segmentation, and market sales.
The city of Qingyang is located in the north's intersections of farming and herding, which is rich in resources.
There are 913 meat and sheep farms, cooperatives, with over 5 million meat and sheep breeding, and two processing and production lines with 1.3 million meat and sheep slaughtering sizes in the city.
The French Treasurer stated that taxes would be reduced by more than Euro1 billion next year and called on Germany to follow suit.
Reuter Paris 26 September – France's treasurer, Bruno Le Maire, stated that France would reduce taxes by more than Euro10 billion (US$10.9 billion) next year, and that Germany should keep pace with the French fiscal stimulus in order to revive the depressed economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Remel stated that the latest monetary easing initiative of the European Central Bank had created an opportunity to increase investment for the Governments of member States with the capacity to do so.
On 12 September, the European Central Bank reduced its interest to a record low and planned to restart its debt in order to reduce the cost of borrowing, with the hope of stimulating economic recovery and raising inflation rates.
"The low interest rate does not allow Europe to return to prosperity, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient."
"Germany needs to invest now, the sooner the situation is worse, the better, he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on a number of occasions.
France has introduced tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has greatly boosted French economic growth.
The German economy, which is dependent on exports, is bearing the brunt of the loss of dynamism in the global economy.
Remel noted that next year the tax burden of the French family would be reduced by Euro9.3 billion, including an income tax relief of Euro5 billion.
In addition, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by almost Euro1 billion as the company tax rate will be gradually implemented from 33.3 per cent to 25 per cent over a five-year period.
The Secretary-General of Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions for the protection of the Martyrs Memorial Facility, emphasizing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair and management of the Martyrs' Garden.
In furtherance of the important directives of the Secretary-General of Xi Jinping, efforts have been made to promote the management of the protection of the Martyrs Memorial Facility, and the Central Communist Party Central Office, the State Council and the Central Military Commission have recently issued the General Work Programme for the Planning and Maintenance of the Construction and Renovation of the Martyrs Memorial Facility.
The Programme of Work is the programmatic document for the management of the protection of the Martyrs Memorial Facility, defines the objectives for the management of the Martyrs Memorial Facility protection, proposes plans for the construction of the Martyrs Memorial Facility, the improvement of the system of the Martyrs' Remembrance Base for the Promotion of Martyrs' Spiritual Red Education, the renovation of the Martyrs' Memorial Facility and the creation of a strong social climate of honour and honour; and manages the maintenance of the Martyrs' Memorial Facility and the formation of a well-regulated organizational safeguard management system.
The programme of work makes it clear that there is a need to enhance the protection of the martyrs' memorial facilities, to effectively enhance the maintenance and protection of the martyrs' memorial facilities in accordance with the principles of integrated arrangements and a long-term approach, to invest in the institutional mechanisms of leadership, to improve the system of policies and regulations, to organize the renovation works, to improve the equipment of the facilities and to strengthen the capacity of the service, to optimize the presentation, to innovate the presentation and to improve overall effectiveness.
The programme of work emphasizes the need to improve institutional and organizational safeguards, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans' Affairs, with active collaboration and broad participation of the society; improve the regulatory system around the implementation of the Hero's Law on the Protection of Martyrs, improve the system of regulations, and continue to promote the planning of the construction of martyrs' memorial facilities in order to institutionalize, standardize, professionalize and professionalize them; strengthen team-building, introduce volunteer services and encourage the active participation of veterans, families of martyrs, expert scholars and young students in the maintenance of the martyrs' memorial facilities, etc.; improve social participation mechanisms, maintain governmental leadership and multi-investment, and actively advocate for enterprises, social organizations and individuals to contribute to and support the maintenance and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Research: A small but still challenging increase in the National Healthy Eating Index in the United States - The New Central Network
According to the American Expatriate Network on September 27, a recent study in the United States showed that the U.S. government's healthy diet index had increased moderately over the past 16 years, from 56 to 58.
But this is not worth celebrating when the score is 100 points.
American nationals still face "significant dietary challenges".
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University, Massachusetts, said that Americans still had too much food intake to cause heart diseases, diabetes, obesity, and so on, which were among the most common diseases in the United States.
The study was published in 24th in the Journal of the American Medical Society.
The study was based on the findings of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the United States Government between 1999 and 2016.
The authors wrote, "Although there has been considerable improvement, significant dietary challenges still exist."
These challenges are known to include reducing the intake of foods containing saturated fats, such as zero food, hot dogs, manure cattle, butter, etc. by United States nationals.
It was found that the intake of these unhealthy fats in the daily diet increased from 11.5% to 12% and exceeded the recommended 10% intake limit.
The largest improvement in the United States diet was the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake was still too high.
Officially, the intake of sugar added to the diet should be less than 10 %.
The reason for the decrease in sugar intake was considered to be related to the reduction in people's consumption of sweet vapor water, but Zhang Aung stressed that sugar was often added to even less sweet foods, such as milk and tomato sauce.
In the United States, adult intake of fruit, nuts, oats and other whole cereal categories has increased slightly.
However, data for 2016 show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Despite a slight decrease in salt intake and lower consumption of fruit juice, Zhang Avon indicated that they still accounted for as much as 42% of the daily calorie, many of which came from processed white bread and other precision grains.
The study was based on bi-annual personal health surveys, which would allow adults to recall the food they had eaten during the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have been asked about this issue twice every few days since 2003.
The government's dietary guidelines for residents of the United States recommended the adoption of a "healthy diet" to reduce the risk of chronic illnesses.
The guide states that people should consume more nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruit, whole cereals, low lipid dairy products, as well as fresh, wasted meat, poultry meat, eggs, and seed food that can provide proteins.
The number of U.S. nationals suffering from diabetes has almost doubled during the study, exceeding 7%, and obesity has also increased over many years—about 70% of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among United States nationals.
EU to promote strategic partnerships with Asia
The forum was attended by members of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam, the Secretary of the Central Secretariat and the Central Minister of Economy, Nguyễn Văn Ping.
In the light of the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "The EU-Asia interface: building bridges for the future of sustainable development".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the two European Union continents' strategies for convergence.
The President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Junker, said that strengthening was part of that proposition, as it brought benefits to the peoples and economies concerned.
These relations help to bring stability and prosperity to the parties concerned.
At the same time, he believed that the EU would like to convey a message about increasing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial relationship between Europe and Asia.
The Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, is a special guest of the Forum and will deliver an important speech in the plenary.
The country's first shareholding and financial subsidiary established a technology-enabling business
On 26 June, Sino-Gap Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary, Sino-Gap Finance Limited, was officially established in Qingdao, the first joint-stock banking subsidiary in the country.
The experts indicated that asset management was an important area for the development of financial science and technology, and that the establishment of financial subsidiaries by banks would facilitate the use of scientific and technological means to upgrade their operations.
In April of this year, Gwangdao Bank and Gwangdao Commercial Bank issued separate circulars stating that they had been approved by the Bank of China's Superintendency of Banks and Bank of China to prepare for the construction of their subsidiaries.
On September 24, Bright Bank announced that Bright had officially been allowed to open the business.
Shortly two days later, Sangtai Bank led a number of stock-based banks, leading to the establishment of Sangtai Finance in Qingdao.
Lee Xiaopeng, the chairman of the Gang Group, said that the Gang Group would accelerate the pace of innovation and use modern scientific and technological thinking and means to improve the coverage, use and penetration of financial capital, based on big data, property networking, cloud computing, and the sense of client acquisition, happiness and security.
By 2021, the "Twenty-Lung Eight Pillars" for the development of financial science and technology in our country was established, further strengthening the capacity of the financial sector for the application of science and technology, the deep integration of finance and technology and the coordinated development of technology, with a marked increase in people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, Chairman of the Council of Guangxi Treasury, introduced the use of smart research, intelligence research, big data, and other techniques for the management of Guangzhou Finance to help improve the performance of the economy.
New technologies, such as block chains, will also be applied in the future to capture the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Xi Miao, a special researcher at the National Laboratory for Finance and Development, stated that in the face of new competition in the sector, the Financial Technology Corporation (FST) and the regulatory agencies would explore new paths of growth with technology.
The financial science and technology enabling sector, which is both a need for the transformation of financial science and technology itself, will inject new dynamism and dynamism into the development of financial services.
At the beginning of this year, Gingdong Digital Science and Technology launched a new system of financial management technology (TEST) to upgrade its product development and wind control capabilities through technology and digitization.
The new system will upgrade the overall intelligent operating level of the financial management industry, starting with product design, sales transactions, asset management, and risk assessment.
According to experts, management science and technology, while enhancing client service capabilities and innovative and rich products, can also enhance risk-prevention capabilities and improve the efficiency of management.
Zhang Xuyang stated that the risk bias used to locate clients through questionnaires was easily biased, and that the use of artificial intelligence for user imagery now helped to better position clients and produce products based on their investment preferences, and helped to mitigate risks.
"Alternative big data such as electric traders, spacetime data, etc. can help us better delineate a region, an industry's activity, and landscape."
Zhang Xuyang said that, while addressing risks, big data technology would also help improve wind control.
The deepest record of railway tunnels in China was updated
After more than 1,200 days of round-the-clock construction on September 27 at Zhang Weiming Xu Jingbo, the first erection of the Gao Ligong Hill tunnel was completed on 27 September, reaching a depth of 762.59 metres below the ground, breaking the record of the deepest erection of the railway tunnel in China.
The 34.5-kilometre-long tunnel of the Gorygon Hill tunnel is located in Yunnan, and the tunnel runs from the West Bank of the Angry River across the Mount Tallagon Mountains, making it the longest single tunnel in two-line holes in Asia.
The tunnel passed through 19 rifts and buried up to a maximum depth of 1155 metres, as it covered almost all possible geological and significant risks to the tunnel construction, and the tunnel at Mount Gorygon was known as the "Geological Museum" of the tunnel construction.
The wells are the most important auxiliary pits of the tunnel in the Mount Gorygon, and have the important task of increasing the operation of "long tunnels" and later railways for ventilation.
The successful digging to the bottom of the well signalled the official entrance of the tunnel to the tunnel at the Mount Tallagon, which could be expanded by four additional fields under the well and speeded up by the opening of the tunnel's main hole, pending the digging and replacement of the underground.
"The erection is all in the granite floor, and because the granite is more rifted, the water is not allowed to flow from up to down, and basically the depth pressure of the well is very high."
Jing Zhao, the chief engineer of the Tai Rai Railway Project Department of the Central Railway Tunnel Authority, told reporters that the erection had been carried out with numerous adventures such as dudslides and collapses, and that the builders had invited experts to the field and more than 20 workshops on the treatment programme.
"The bottom of the well is more than 300 cubic metres per hour and 700 metres deep, with water pressure equivalent to 700 metres deep."
He said, "If water is not drained in a timely manner, we will drowse 10 metres in an hour, we spend almost 85% of our time on water and 15% on excavation."
In order to overcome the geological difficulties of longitudinal and artificial development of the rock siege No. 1, the tunnel construction was carried out using a combination of "detection, injection, excavation" and systematic water treatment measures to reduce the risk of construction.
After several improvements, the construction of erection No. 1 created mechanized water lines such as the excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, hanging system, etc., and mechanized all-flows such as eyes, blast, ballast, template installation, concrete grouting, and accelerated construction.
Ultimately, after more than 1,200 day and night work, the erection was successfully completed at a depth of 762.59 metres.
The Trans-Swei Railway, which is 330 km long, is an important part of the China–Myanmar International Link, and is an important transport infrastructure for the implementation of the "One Road".
With the completion of the journey, the Dalian-Rili journey will be shortened from six to two hours on the current highway and will greatly improve transport patterns in the Dian-West region, contributing to China's economic and trade cooperation and people-friendly exchanges with South-East Asian countries.
Lam Zheng Jun-e: as a Chinese pride in national achievements
The Hong Kong press celebrated the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"The Hong Kong press celebrates the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" in Hong Kong.
The Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Lin Zheng-e, said in a wine conference that the country's achievements over the past 70 years were well known to the world, and that we were all proud of as Chinese.
Lin Zheng Chung-e, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ji-An, Chen Aden, Deputy Political Commissioner of the Armed Forces in Hong Kong, and Kang, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Commemorative Committee for the National Gyeong, attended the wine and served as the main guest.
In his message, Lin Zheng Ji-eu stated that China had been struggling for the past 70 years, and that, even though it had faced a number of difficult challenges, it had all been able to overcome its excesses and its achievements had been recognized by all the world, and that we were proud as Chinese.
Hong Kong's return to its homeland remained tightly tied to the interior and progressed together, sharing fruitful results.
It is believed that under the "one country, two systems", Hong Kong will continue to have an advantage in the future, taking advantage of the "one path" and the Cantonese Hong Kong Australia Bay Area as opportunities for a better future for Hong Kong.
She also stated that the social controversy in Hong Kong over the past few months had affected everyone in Hong Kong and that journalists faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, it is to be hoped that friends of the press will continue to be troubled, that they will be professional, that they will be able to report fairly and equitably to the community and that they will do their part for the future of Hong Kong and that they will be able to engage in a more rational communication dialogue with the community.
Jiang, in his message of allegiance, stated that New China's luminous journey was also a journey between Hong Kong and its motherland to development, progress, blood, and humiliation and cohabitation.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to its homeland, the central government has steadfastly pursued a "one country, two systems", a "Hong Kong People's Home Rule" and a high degree of self-government.
To that end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He stated that over the past three months there had been a series of violence in Hong Kong in flagrant violation of the law and wanton destabilization of society, which had been fuelled by distorted and false media reports.
He called on the media to be passionate and to create a good atmosphere for all to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media professionals are required to adhere to the professional norms of the press and to use genuine reporting and responsible speech to induce citizens to feel free from violence and to safeguard the integrity and integrity of the law.
Some 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the wine and held a trophy with the main guests, offering blessings for the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Journalists learned from the Sinoe City Council's Communications Department that the City of Sinoe will implement the Regulations for the Promotion of Civilized Conduct in the City of Sinoe with effect from 1 October, focusing on 15 uncivilized acts by pedestrians who do not pass according to the signals of communication, throw items from buildings outside, list priority governance, and impose appropriate penalties.
Wang Shenbin, Vice-Minister of Advocacy and Director of the City's Civilization Office, introduced that since the city's national civilization city was named the National Civilization City in 2017, there has been a marked improvement in the level of civilization and morality of the citizens.
However, uncivilized practices such as pedestrians walking through horses, breaking red lights, non-motorized vehicles not travelling with traffic-indicated lights; high-altitude parabels, car bars; smoking in public places, dogs walking in public places, and walking with local urinals and urinals remain prominent and easy to rebound and need to be resolved as soon as possible.
In the context of the Sino-Nin Act, the regulations set out more comprehensive and higher standards for the code of civilized conduct of individuals and units in public places, public order (ordre public), public facilities, public sanitation, civilizational travel, civilizational tourism, access to the Internet, building of civilizational schools, promoting civilizational family building, performing public duties, honouring the martyrs of heroes, medical services, etc., so that society as a whole could understand "what can do" and "what is prohibited".
"Provision of regulations to eliminate blindness and misperceptions in the field of civilized behaviour, comprehensive regulation of citizens' behaviour, home-holding, meals, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, wedding and sacrifice, will provide a strong guarantee of the rule of law for the creation of the normalization of the spiritual civilization of the people of the city of Xinin."
The Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the City of Sinoe said.
Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 of the Beijing Subway will be extended this evening - China New Network
Today afternoon, 27 September, the Beijing Subway Company announced that between September 27 and October 7, Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 would be adjusted.
During the extended operation, lines 1 and 2 of the subway would run until the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes to leave.
Line 1 was extended eastward for 61 minutes and eastward for 64 minutes, along the terminals of the stations after 00:30 the next day; the inner ring of Line 2 was extended for 81 minutes, the outer ring for 95 minutes, and the inbound terminals for 0:20 the next day for the forward terminal for 00:50 hours.
Line 7 Beijing West railway station (to Jaw Plant station) was extended from 23:15 to 00:15, Jaw Plant station (to Beijing West station) and from 22:25 to 23:25.
The keys of the British tourist car fell into the lake and the entire family was trapped in France for five days
In recent days, a couple in Wales took two children to France for holiday, and the family was forced to wait five days to get the new keys prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It was reported that on 16 September, the British family was visiting a lake in France and that the daughter was not careful to overturn a bag and the keys of the car were dropped into the lake.
However, they took several hours and failed to find the key.
All their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance prior to departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They hired only one trailer to take the vehicle to a workshop where it was stored and then re-order the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, British tourists finally took the key to the formulation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their intended journey was cancelled due to the loss of the car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From the immediate date, Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, at a total cost of 440 Saudi riyals (approximately 836 kR).
Visitors are required to prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi territory and to provide an address in Saudi territory.
Visitors may apply for a landmarks at the airport after landing, or for an e-sign to pass through the Visa.visitsaudi.com.
Of these, the e-signals are more than one year's entry, and tourists may be allowed to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country, as it has never issued a tourist visa.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad Bin Salman, has advanced the Vision 2030, which aims to reduce the long-term dependence of the country's economy on oil, with the opening up of tourism and the development of tourism as an important component.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, Igor Lashenko, undertook a working visit to the province of Xing'an in Viet Nam.
During the meeting, the Secretary-General of the Ministry of Xing'an Province, Dujin, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in the province of Xing'an.
MAZ ASIA's automobile production and the completion of the installation of the factory were important developments in cooperation between enterprises in the two countries and helped to promote cooperation between the province of Xing'an and even between Viet Nam and Belarus.
The Secretary of the Commission of the Province of Xing'an, Dujinz, stated that the Province of Xing'an had been facilitating the investment of Belarusian enterprises in that province and hoped that Belarus would take more vigorous measures in the future to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in the Province of Xing'an and Viet Nam and to assist in the training of its workers and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lashenko expressed his appreciation to the Province of Xing'an for facilitating the productive activities of Belarusian enterprises in the recent past.
It is hoped that the province of Xing'an will continue to facilitate business in Belarus.
Following the meeting, the Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lashenko's party attended the MAZ ASIA Motor Production and Installation Factory completion ceremony.
Pilot notification of commitments in areas such as licensing of food production for low-risk varieties, delegation of management authority to representatives of foreign enterprises to the self-trade zone
On 27 July, the Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority signed a memorandum of work with the Pudong New District Government to introduce 20 market regulatory reforms, some of which were piloted in the country.
It was stated that the communication of commitment meant that the administrative authorities, when dealing with the registration of the licence, informed the applicant, in writing, of the conditions and requirements set out in the laws and regulations, once and for all.
Once the applicant has signed the commitment, it can be handled directly by the administrative authorities.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority will support the registration of business names in the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Self-Trade Pilot Zone, the processing of licenses for food production in simple, low-risk varieties and partial metrology-type approvals in three areas, which will allow easier access to enterprises.
Shanghai Shaw Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. was the first company to benefit from a pilot dividend by obtaining a "Food Production License" on the ground by notifying its commitment.
The head of the business said that the food license could also be confirmed on the spot, and that it was "deliverable" by allowing the company to submit some of the material according to the deadline set out in the letter of commitment, "the real feeling of the convenience of the reform".
The Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority has indicated that the system of notification of commitments for licensing food production is the first national pilot.
As a result of the reform, the process was shortened from the previous six stages of "registration, receipt, on-site verification, sampling, material examination, approval and certification" to three stages of "registration, receipt and approval of certificates", with the completion time being shortened from 20 working days prior to the reform to completion on-site.
In view of Pudong's high economic outward orientation, the Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority has delegated registration to the Shanghai Self-Trade Area to the Permanent Representatives of Foreign (Regional) Enterprises in order to facilitate business proximity.
The statistics show that the delegation of authority involved a total of 1,592 permanent representatives in the Shanghai Free Trade Area, 99 of which were under the new regulations.
"XI" Small Survey of Long Leave Consumption: Choices for more diversified tourism.
The national holiday was nearing, and the people's holiday plan was gradually being finalized.
The Securities Daily reporter recently launched a small survey of eleven holiday arrangements in friends' circles, and nearly 20 feedback was received indicating that while the plans were different, "tourism + consumption" became the key word for eleven holidays.
In particular, more than half of the reporters of the Securities Daily chose to travel.
Mr. Liu of Tianjin, home of Tianjin, stated that "there were plans to travel with his family to Shanghai during the period of '11' and Disney was the first stop and then to the surrounding city"; Ms. Lee of Beijing chose to travel to our Taiwan, "a three-pair departure on 28 September, with plans for a 10-day cruise around the island"; Miss Ma of Chongqing planned to travel abroad, with the destination being Singapore; Mr. Zhang of Hebei chose self-driving, stating that "the daughters were under the age of two, it was not convenient to go out to Shandong and to play at sea for a few days".
A report on the trends in the movement and travel of people to and from the 2019 National Day Golden Week, released jointly with the same tour, shows that this year's National Day Golden Week travels and trips to and from the three subdivisions of travel, dwelling and trips have shown a clear trend towards increasing consumption.
There has been a steady increase in the penetration rate of aircraft and high iron travel, as well as an increase in the demand for Star-Class hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation.
On 23 September, the U.S. Legion released its 2019 National Gyeong Tourist Consumption Trends Report, which showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and that there was an upward trend of "teat and play" diversification.
More young people travel in favor of high-quality, unique experience, and there is a continuing high level of heat such as cultural tourism, night tourism, etc.
In addition to tourism, various consumption needs were also released centrally during the Eleventh Congress.
Mr. Wang of Shengdu's home told the newspaper Securities Daily that "the main plan for this year's eleven was to buy cars."
Workers from a Beijing-based automobile brand 4S stated to The Securities Daily that the months of September and October were generally referred to as the golden period of automobile sales.
During the 11th episode, a number of events will be introduced, such as pick-ups, shop-downs, etc.
A number of other brands have recently introduced new models, which are expected to have a more significant resonance effect on sales.
With the trend towards higher consumption, greater emphasis has been placed on meeting spiritual needs and increasing consumption of services such as culture and education.
Ms. Du, home in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of a child, the consumption of culture and education has become the head of household consumption.
This year, the eleven were full of schedule, going to the 'Dhaka' Observatory, the Children's Theatre, about a few families to the Elk Museum's tent camp on weekends, and arranging some trial hearing sessions.
In theory, industry has indicated that the evolution of the population's consumption escalation is driven by the evolution of subsistence-oriented consumption towards development-oriented consumption and enjoyment-oriented consumption, with a significant portion of the consumption-based consumption being within the service-type category.
As our economic and social development and the level of income of our population grows, there is an increasing focus on the need for consumption at the spiritual level, and tourism and travel is a good way to go.
In particular, the celebration of the 11th national holiday, which was more time-consuming, and the people were more willing to travel and consume, both to satisfy the spiritual level of consumption and as a reflection of the population's rising consumption.
In the afternoon, loneliness and reluctance to leave the house had begun, and the children's absence had not been adjusted.
Dog Dog Nana said: Mama takes you out of the door.
Some of the things that were going to be done out of the door were carefully written, and the characteristic of type A blood was becoming more and more intense, and they all felt distorted.
To take western clothing, buy nutritious particles, pay, buy fish tablets, and nanner's snacks.
These are the reasons for doing so.
In the telephone, the sister Rose has just lost his nanner, and there is no excuse to buy a small meal.
He laughed a few words and said that the children had gone to the telephone.
The Nana light car jumped to the assistant's gallery, and the elders blew down, and she knew she was dizziness, panicked, and unhappy with me.
Her husband, Boo, returned early.
He lamented the good food done by the sarah, who bore the fruits of the three fish, and then went to the bedroom to lying in the bed to watch television.
At just seven o'clock on a wall, the sunset of the day and the day is dark.
The friends' circle is in the invention of the month, and it is now mid-autumn.
A series of grapes sent by friends were washed, half to Boo, and the rest was placed in a favorable small bowl, with the end going to see the moon bright.
sitting on the ground with Nana, I eat the grapes, she eats the skin, and I spit much of the grapes' seed.
The moon is hiding in the cloud and walking in the cloud, and the moon is sidelined and darkly dark.
Roughness in the brain is associated with various poems about tomorrow, with a clear preference for the phrase: every three or five-piece round/rounding the corn fence/there are no more than one day.
Perhaps we gave too much emotion to the moon, and for me now, the truth is that God's return to God, and Caesar's return to Caesar is best.
The moon is lunar, and the emotions come to your own.
The wine was eaten, and the group was cool.
The Nana Regiment, with a slight snake on the feet, stood up and pushed the Nana's carpet to her small house, where Nana was besieged.
The door was opened to shout: was the bathing water burned?
The windows from the bathroom were not expected to be lunar, but only felt lunar, cut the lights from the bathroom, and mutineered the glass.
He did not eat the moon biscuits and did not drink alcohol.
In 2020, the Dubai Expo published the mascot.
In 2020, a ceremony was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, at which the mascots of the Dubai Expo were published.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a tree of the UAE tree to graze beans.
The six mascots were presented to the audience through short video clips.
The nine-year-old boy Rashid and the eight-year-old girl Rahid were brothers and sisters representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
Three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo, Blue robots represent "mobility", Green robots represent "sustainability", and Yellow robots represent "opportunities".
An ancient soy-pastoral tree, named Salama, was the "grandmother" of five "small bands", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
The Chairman of the High Committee of the Dubai Expo, Ahmed, said that the mascot could strengthen the emotional link between the event and the participants, and "Believing that the mascot of the Dubai Expo will convey the traditional spirit of story-telling, demonstrate the creativity of indigenous talent, and express our ambition and expectations."
The Vice-President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Chief Mohammad of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and the Director of the Dubai Expo Bureau, Lim Al-Hashimi, participated in the ceremony.
The Dubai Expo will be held in Dubai from 20 October 2020 to 10 April 2021, with the theme "Communicating ideas, creating the future".
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate studies on the basis of high-access results.
In recent days, the Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation of foreign qualifications in Germany, announced on the official website that, starting in 2020, high school graduates in China could apply directly for undergraduate studies at German universities on the basis of high-access results, without first having to enrol in domestic universities.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates wanted to apply for a German university, requiring either the first or third periods of undergraduate studies in the country (211,985 universities) or general undergraduate studies, and passing an APS review or TestAS examination.
The issuance of the new regulations would save Chinese students who wished to study in Germany at least six months.
It is reported that the new regulations will enter into force in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; participate in an examination, a high exam, with 70% or more of the total score (or more than 525 if the total score is 750), and include two language achievements and one mathematical or natural scientific achievement.
In addition, the requirements for high-test results vary among specific professions.
For example, applications for specializations such as medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc. require 80% of the full score, and high-level subjects must include mathematics, physics, chemistry, at least two entries in biology, or take part in the synthesis; applications for specialties such as law, at least 80% of the full score, and high-level subjects must include foreign languages, history, at least two entries in geography, or take part in the syntheses.
According to incomplete statistics, several countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia, have now endorsed China's high-test results.
In the United Kingdom, for example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University, and Leicester University have received applications from Chinese students for high school results.
The military "machine dog" starts with a performance course The Sun Theatre: Consider including a performance team.
The U.S. Army funded the development of a "machine dog" for use in the battlefield, which may now be on the stage of the circus.
The Solar Circus has recently stated that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of robotics being applied to the circus performances.
A combination of external media reports, Boston Dynamics & Technology released a 24-day promotional film for "Six-Foot Robotics Spot", which showed that Spot was an agile mobile robot with a weighing 14 kg, highly adaptable to the terrain, 360 degrees of avoidance, navigation, remote control, and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform specially developed only for Spot, which allows users to customize Spot Robotics through a variety of applications.
The Boston Dynamic Technology Company first published the idea of a machine dog in 1992, which was bombarded at the time, but has not yet been really commercially used.
However, Boston Dynamics & Technology stated that Spot was now in the production phase and that most subscribers were building and energy operators.
In addition, the Solar Circus is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics and Technology, and the Solar Circus states that the project is still in the conceptual stages and that the potential for Spot to be used at the performance scene is being assessed.
The State Department's Press Office issued a White Paper on China and the World for a New Era
On the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the State Department's Press Office issued a White Paper on China and the World of the New Era on 27 May.
Xu Lin, Vice-Minister and Head of the State Department's Information Office, said that the White Paper focused on "Where China came from and went to China" and "What kind of world China promoted to build" and "How did China develop live with the world", systematically describing China's development achievements, development paths, development paths, and deepening China's relations with the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The White Paper states that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has undergone dramatic changes, creating an unprecedented development miracle in human history, particularly since the 18th largest party, with historic achievements and historic changes in China's development.
The White Paper presents, through extensive data and facts, the great achievements, significance and world contribution of China's development over the past 70 years.
The White Paper states that China has spent several decades on the development of the developed countries for hundreds of years, and that its economy has jumped second in the world, with nearly 1.4 billion people lifted out of material shortages, generally reaching a level of minor well-being and enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The White Paper emphasizes that for 70 years, the Chinese people have been able to start their homes, become self-reliant and struggle hard, and have done a new heaven; for 70 years, China has developed its relations with the world, embraced the world, studied it and contributed to it; and for 70 years, China has contributed to world peace while achieving its own development, giving impetus to the common development of all nations.
According to the White Paper, the success of China's development over the past 70 years was largely due to the fact that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, had found the correct path of development of Chinese socialism and were firmly and unwavering along that path.
The White Paper emphasizes that China's socialist path is one that is based on its own national circumstances, one that places the interests of the people first, one that is innovative in its reform, one that seeks common development in open spaces and one that is fully based on the rule of law.
China's development path, consistent with China's national circumstances and with the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright prospects for development as time progresses.
In response to the international community's concerns about China's development, the White Paper emphasizes that the realization of the wealthy country, the national revival and the well-being of the people is both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of all peoples.
The White Paper states that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, that all open to the outside world creates more opportunities for the development of all countries, that China offers more public goods to the international community, that China's development offers experience and lessons to other developing countries, and that China will never follow the path of "Big Big Big".
Faced with the question of an era of "how the world is and how humanity does it", the White Paper states that today's world is in a state of great change that has not existed for centuries, and that human society is both hopeful and challenging.
China proposed the creation of a community of destiny for humanity, a new path of cooperation for win-win and shared development, and new options for human development.
The White Paper calls on all nations to unite in the construction of a new type of international relations, to promote a new kind of economic globalization, to preserve the international system centred on the United Nations, to promote the exchange of ideas among civilizations and to work together to build a community of destiny for humanity and a better world.
With China's growing development, the international community was generally concerned about how China, which had grown up, could live with the world.
The White Paper states that China's development is inseparable from the world, where peaceful development, prosperity and stability are inseparable.
China has always placed its own development within the hierarchy of human development, insisted on cooperation for win-win and common development, maintained and promoted economic globalization, actively developed global partnerships, firmly supported multilateralism, upheld international justice with equity, promoted high-quality development along "one-way" lines, actively engaged in leading the reform and construction of the system of global governance, always serving as a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of the international order.
At present, China has entered a new era of development.
The White Paper states that the determination of China in the new era to follow the socialist path of China's identity will not change, the determination of other countries to learn from each other and to work together for the win, and the determination to work with the world will not change.
The White Paper concludes by stating that in today's world, the fate of the future of nations has never been so closely linked.
The White Paper on China and the World of the New Era, composed of foreword, main text and concluding words, is over 29,000 words in its entirety.
The White Paper is published in eight languages: Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Western, Arabic, Japanese, and is published separately by the People's Press and the Foreign Literary Press, and is distributed at the National New China Bookshop.
Does Manhua stand by-elections for the Danzibia National Assembly seat in Johor?
Dato' Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of the Manhua General Assembly: "Discussion by the Supreme Council of the FLN!"
The by-elections for Danzibia's by-elections were a matter of concern, as did the Mahawah, a member of the National Front.
However, after a meeting of the MCA, it was announced that the MFN Supreme Council would decide whether to continue with the MF or other members of the MF.
Wei Jiaxiang on Thursday afternoon, after presiding over the meetings of the MCA, stated to the media that any by-elections would be conducted in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), i.e. only after a meeting of the Supreme Council of the PFDJ.
He said that, as the Election Commission would meet on Monday (1 day) next week to finalize the by-elections for the Danzibi by-elections, the PFDJ Supreme Council meeting was expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday morning (26) I also met with the leader of the National Front, Dato' Seri Amadzasi, and we all agreed that this seat must be recaptured from the wants of the coalition."
"We knocked to convene a meeting of the leaders of the Special National Front in early October, and the three-party leader of the National Front would determine which of its members would come up."
Inquiring whether the MCA would insist on standing for this traditional seat in the Supreme Council of the National Front, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that, as President of the MCA, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures and that any decision must be taken by consensus of the National Front.
"It is a common practice for any by-elections to be conscripted, for political parties, and for some to believe that they should come out."
"What are our most important organizations and political coalitions?"
"This is the test of forming a political alliance for many years, and we believe that the National Front is on its way, with some valuable values."
"It's not surprising that someone may say something in this process."
However, once the Supreme Council of the National Front has taken a decision, all must be fully prepared to fight, which is the most expensive."
In any event, Wei Jiaxiang stated that Mawawah would make every effort to prepare for the by-elections at the Duke Danzig by-election at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Board and the Central Committee.
"The district council is headed by Dato' Seri Yellow Day, the chairman of the district council; the state committee will be headed by Dato' Lind Paxing, the chairman of the Board of Governors; and Dato' Mahanshun, the president of the council, and Dato' Zhang, the general secretary, will be deployed in the centre."
Last Saturday (21 days), the Native Solidarity Party Daniel Falli, a member of Congress, Dato' Mohader, died of heart problems at the Bumbkin Government Hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Bokang County, Hubei, who hunted wildlife was ordered to "Obligatory Patrol Mountains".
A villager was sentenced for hunting wildlife and ordered to pay 15420 yuan (RMB, Lower Yuan) for the restoration of environmental damage to ecological resources.
Due to the impoverishment of the defendant's family, the Public Prosecutor's Office introduced alternative labour to compensate for the costs of ecological rehabilitation, resulting in an organic unification of the legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Attorney-General of the Public Prosecutor's Office of Paokang County, introduced on 27 July that the defendant had established a deep feeling with wild macaque monkeys through alternative work such as a three-month "compulsory tour mountain" and was deeply responsible for the previous hunting of animals.
On 21 June this year, a case filed by the Office of the Procurator of the Prefectural Prosecutor of Baucang in the area of ecological resources was heard and handed down in a public hearing in the District Court.
The defendant was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, four years' probation and a fine of 3,000 yuan, and was ordered to pay 15420 yuan for the repair of environmental damage to ecological resources.
In late January 2014, an electric grid was set up in the cliffs, and more than 20 animals were hunted, including zebra, macjacke, and fur crested deer.
Zebra is an endangered species of wildlife, and macadjacs and crown deer are listed in the National List of Terrestrial Wildlife Conservation.
During the hearing, he confessed to his own wrongdoing and behaviour and was willing to assume subsidiary civil liability.
However, in view of the poor financial situation of one of the families of the week, the local village council, the forest station, and one of the three parties of the week, in coordination with the Office of the Procurator of the canton of Baucang, entered into an agreement to compensate for the cost of the ecological restoration of the alternative labour: the provision of public service labour to cover the cost of ecological rehabilitation through the operation of kiwi breeding, compulsory patrolling mountains and forest protection in the village kiwiqi reserve for one year.
In response to the prosecutor's recommendation, the court accepted the obligation of "alternative labour to compensate for the costs of ecological rehabilitation" while agreeing to a suspended sentence.
At present, the mountains have been active and performed well when they have been working in kiwi reserves for three months.
In recent years, the Office of the Procurator of the canton of Paolo has in practice integrated the prosecutorial function and the conduct of social governance, and scientific supervision has been used to minimize the damage to the ecological environment caused by criminal acts through the use of judicial means such as prosecutorial advice, investigation supervision, and prosecution supervision.
The United Nations awards the "Earth Guards Prize" for the "Ant Forest"
In a lively acclaim and magnificent musical sound, the head of the Ant Forest project Xu Desi and user representative Shen Junliang took to the podium, where they received the 2019 United Nations Champions of the Earth Award from the hosts.
The 2019 Champions of the Earth Award ceremony was held in New York City, United States, where the Ant Forest project, which involved hundreds of millions of people in environmental action, was awarded the Incentives and Action Award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of awards at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya's capital, but those who had attended the ceremony on the same day were still hard to hide.
The Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Ingue Annoshen, in an interview with a New China News Agency journalist, said that the "ant forest" was an exciting innovation that brought hundreds of millions of people into action to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humans could do about the environment.
It connects people and the environment with science and technology, allowing each individual to participate in actions to protect the Earth, which will have a great impact.
Ant Forest was launched in August 2016 by the Chinese Ant Financial Services Group (Chinese Ant Financial Services Group) on a gem-paying platform, where users accumulate "green energy" through low-carbon actions such as recording green travels in their daily lives in ant forest, payment of hydropower on-line, and "breeding trees" in mobile phones.
Each user breeds a virtual tree, ant forest, and a public benefit partner breeding a true tree in a desert area.
By August of this year, 500 million users of ant forests had accumulated carbon reductions of 7.92 million tonnes and 122 million trees had been planted in desertification areas.
Costa Rica was awarded the "Guardians of the Earth Award" for its national environmental efforts, and Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado praised the contributions of the "ant forest" "which inspired so many people to take part in green action".
The chairman and chief executive officer of ant's ant appetite said that the "Earth Guardian Award" was an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life, an honour that belongs to all participants.
According to Kenzo Wai, the "ant forest" has affected 500 million people over the past three years, and the goal of the "ant forest" for the next three years is to bring about the participation of 1 billion people around the world in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring ways to increase the income of farmers from green water in Qingshan.
In addition to providing employment through tree planting, it is hoped that farmers will be helped to increase their harvests through agricultural development projects, electrical platforms, etc.
The digital-based public-friendly environmental model created by the Ant Forest has also been successfully used by other countries.
In June of this year, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, GCash, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Philippine users to better protect the environment through low-carbon life.
It was reported that GCash would work with the Department of the Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines and EPG, among others, to plan for the planting of 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the project's launch.
The Guardians of the Earth Prize is the highest United Nations award in the field of environmental protection and is awarded annually.
The "Ant Forest" award was awarded for the third year in a row to the Green Innovation Project from China, following the construction of the Sehang Dam Forest in China, the Thousand Village Demonstration in Zhejiang Province in China, and the Wan Village Restoration Project.
Trade friction affected the U.S. economy's "Bank of Outcomes".
The U.S. economy's "Report Sheet" for the second quarter of this year showed that the U.S. GDP growth rate was significantly slower than in the previous quarter, as a result of a significant decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that trade friction and the uncertainty it brought about were the main causes of the downturn in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the United States Department of Commerce on 26 June showed that the United States GDP grew by 2 per cent per year in the second quarter, at the same rate as the previously published revised figures, but was significantly lower than 3.1 per cent in the first quarter.
Data show that consumption growth has been the main factor underpinning American economic growth in the second quarter.
Individual consumption expenditure, which accounted for about 70 per cent of the total United States economy, increased by 4.6 per cent in the quarter, pulling economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government spending on consumption and investment pulled economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3 per cent in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter, dragging the current season's economic growth by 1.16 percentage points; exports fell by 5.7 per cent compared with the previous quarter; and net exports dragged up by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knapp, Managing Partner of the Einside Macroeconomic Consulting Corporation of the United States, said that private sector investment had not only failed to sustain the growth momentum of the previous year, but had declined significantly because of the blow to business confidence caused by increased trade friction and uncertainty.
According to Knapp, U.S. corporate capital spending is expected to remain downward next year due to policy uncertainty.
Analysts argue that while consumption growth has strongly supported the United States economy in the second quarter, there are growing signs that trade friction and the uncertainty it has brought about have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected United States consumption prospects.
According to Richard Curtin, the head of the survey and professor of economics at the University of Michigan, in a recent survey, 38 per cent of consumers referred spontaneously to the negative effects of tariffs on the United States economy, a rate that was new in the year and a half.
For future economic trends in the United States, analysts generally agreed that the United States economy would continue to slow.
However, it was also suggested that the performance of the United States industrial sector and financial markets would improve if trade friction was mitigated.
The Economist's Economist's Economist Global Economist Celine Burge predicts that the United States economy will continue this year's gradual downward trend in the future, and that the rate of increase will be lower than in the second quarter.
Moody's chief economist, Mark Zandy, predicted that the U.S. economy would increase by 2.3 per cent this year, assuming that trade friction would not continue to escalate, and would slow further to 1.6 per cent next year.
Ellen Harzen, investment manager of Patnan Investment, noted that the greatest concern of the business was the trade and economic dispute and the uncertainty it brought about, which would be significantly less uncertain and the industry would perform much better than it was now.
Miller-Tabac Asset Management Stock Policyor Matt Melley said that trade friction remained the "primary problem" and the main cause of this year's high volatility in the capital markets of the United States, and that trade friction would be the key to influencing the movement of the capital markets in the United States for the remainder of this year.
Ningxia's first co-parental leave for children between 0 and 3 years of age is 10 days per year for parents
Guaranteeing the legitimate rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights and an important sign of the progress of civilization in society.
On 27 September, at the fifteenth meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were adopted by a high vote.
This was the first Ningxia province to issue local regulations on a comprehensive system for the legal protection of women's rights and interests, which will be implemented on 1 November 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted at the present time were amended on the basis of the Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia in 2007, and were divided into nine chapters, 65 articles, including general principles, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labour and social security rights and interests, property rights, personal, marital and family rights, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Ordinance, Ningxia encouraged the exploration of joint parental leave for both spouses, the first in the country.
In April this year, the State Council's Office issued the Guidance for the Promotion of the Development of Child Care Services for Children under the age of three, which provides a relevant description of co-parenting.
In an amendment to the Ordinance, Ningxia proposed that "the employer be encouraged to grant ten days of joint parental leave to both spouses each year between the ages of zero and three years for couples who have children in accordance with the laws and regulations".
At the same time, the Ordinance highlights the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations contains the most recent legislative results of the current codification of personal rights in China's Civil Code, detailing the elements of sexual harassment, the subjects and mechanisms for combating it.
Article 44 of the Ordinance expressly prohibits frequent incidents of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to undertake relevant educational, protective and preventive work, as a new marker for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and to dispose of the common property of the matrimonial family, article 35 of the Ordinance specifies the woman's right to know the common property and the obligations of the property registry agencies and related subjects, and provides a solid institutional support for the defence of women's rights.
In addition, in response to the social hotspots - gender discrimination in employment - Section 26 of the Ordinance not only prohibits direct discrimination but also indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest experience of joint interview exercises, strengthens the punishment of gender discrimination offences and more vigorously upholds the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Union Joint Public Prosecution Department, the Civil Affairs Department, etc. have been very effective in promoting and introducing social expertise in the mediation of marital and family conflicts and in the fight against domestic violence.
This is summarized and promoted by the Ordinance, which, in several articles, encourages the mobilization of social forces, the pooling of social resources for the protection of women's rights and interests, and requires people's governments at the county level and above to provide stable, institutional guarantees and support, including through the purchase of services.
Rice jacks of salt-resistant alkaline rice acre at the UNITA Yuan Lumpin work station in Inner Mongolia
The journalist was informed by the UNITA Administration of the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia on 27 July that the "Service of the Rice Assessment Committee for the Field Survey and Inspection of Scaling Rice Resistant to the Yuan Lumpy Workstation of the Rice of the Rice of the Rice of Scaling Rice of Scaling Rice of Scaling Rice Resistors of Scaling Rice of Scaling Rice of Scaling Rice Resistors of Scaling Rice of Scaling Rice".
A team of six experts from the Faculty of Agricultural Sciences of Heilongjiang, Yangzhou University, and Hunan Agricultural and Rural Department of Hunan Province sampled the "salt series" rice.
According to expert measurements, the average acre-producing rice of salt-resistant rice is 508.8 kilograms on land with a PH of 8.8 to 9.6, with a salinity content of 5 to 6%.
The Executive Director of the Yuan Lung Bing Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan workstation said: "We intend to build on this year's experiment and to innovate and reform the salt- and alkaline rice varieties once again, so as to improve their quality and production."
The team leader, Vice-President of the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of the province of Heilongjiang, and the researcher of the Group of Experts said once and for all: "While the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that the continuous intensification of the scientific and technological clearance will continue to produce miracles on salt-resistant rice."
The Hindu UNITA is part of a concentrated area of special hardship in the southern foothills of the Great Hing'an Ridge.
In October 2018, the Yuan Lung Ping Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Yuan Hu
Yuan Lung Ping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction of the newly-developed "salt-resistant alkaline hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technology, the construction of 960 acres of salt-resistant rice base in the right wing of Qurqin, the use of side-testing demonstrations, and the extension of technology routes to help the local poor increase yields and lift them out of poverty and wealth.
This site survey of salt-resistant rice provided a scientific basis not only for raising UNITA salt-resistant low-yielding fields to bring hope to medium- and high-yielding fields, but also for saline-resistant rice cultivation under the same conditions in our country.
The Australian Network reported that, after a marathon-style debate and several weeks of protests, the New Australia State passed the Legalization of Abortion Act on 26 September.
It was reported that the bill had sparked political debate in the past eight weeks and that there had been serious disagreements within the AFP since the introduction of the bill was announced by the Independent Member of Parliament, Greenwich.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the New Zealand Senate passed the legalization of abortion bill by 26 votes to 14, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the New State Senate.
In the 26th morning, abortion in the New Länder was legalized after a final vote in the New Länder House of Representatives.
The Act allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy during the 22nd week of pregnancy and, with the consent of two doctors, also allows her to have an abortion later in the pregnancy.
An amendment was passed by the Senate on the evening of 25th day, whereby a doctor could seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Board before performing an abortion for a woman after the 22nd week of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendments adopted by the Senate include the requirement for doctors to provide appropriate care for infants who survive the termination of pregnancy.
Earlier, New State Governor Beregic Lotus had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill, and Beregic Lotus had intervened several times in order to secure more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Beregic Lotus defended his vote in absentia: "I take time to manage the new state as a whole."
MP Davis, who was known to have been the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, had threatened to withdraw from the new state government due to the bill, and said that the bill had triggered a "government crisis".
However, Davis made concessions.
Davis said: "The content of the amendment to the bill on the legalization of abortion submitted to the House of Representatives in the 26th morning provides more guarantees for women and doctors."
At the same time, Barilaro, the leader of the National Party of New Australia, said that he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"The achievements we made last night are historic for the new Länder, which legalized abortion, which is no longer a criminal offence, and does not criminalize women who undergo abortion."
Three major projects of the three groups are located in the continent.
The total investment was $15 billion, focusing on the development of petroleum smart equipment and smart steel industries.
Today, the People's Government of Zhuzhou City held a project signing ceremony with the Trinity Group.
The three groups invested 15 billion yuan in the development of industrial projects in Zhuzhou, such as the smart steel industry, oil smart equipment and regional research and development centres (headquarters base) and the second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery, with an estimated total annual value of over 20 billion yuan.
The three-intelligent steel industry project, with a total investment of $10 billion, is located in the Hotang area and will focus on creating the largest steel and product trading centre in the province and in the centre, as well as the three-intelligent metal structure smart manufacturing and processing centre; the Petroleum Smart Equipment and the Regional Research and Development Centre (headquarters base) project, with a total investment of $5 billion, will land the pond and will focus on building the oil smart equipment production base, the regional research and development centre and the headquarters base.
At the same time, the Trinity Group will work in practical cooperation in areas such as smart manufacturing through the construction of a second-hand car market for engineering machinery in the automobile garden of the Zhuzhou Chao New District.
The city of Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with the Trinity Group.
The city's cooperation projects were listed as "Project No. 1" by the city's consortium, and the city's secretary, Mauteng Fei, and Mayor Yangpu Guanggui led a special coordination group to provide high-quality and efficient services for the development of the three groups of landowners, from intentional contact to official signing of the cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Minister of Finance Liu Quin: Sixty-seven central and financial institutions have been transferred to the State to replenish the Social Security Fund with a total of 860.1 billion yuan.
The Minister of Finance, Liu Qun 27, stated that, to date, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions had completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to replenish the Social Security Fund, totalling approximately 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Quin made the above statement at the National Conference on the Deployment of State-owned Capital for the Work of the Social Security Fund, which was held on the same day by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the National Commission on Finance.
"The transfer of State-owned capital to augment the Social Security Fund is an important step in reforming and improving the basic pension insurance system, a fully shared and equitable intergenerational expression of the development results of State-owned enterprises and the basic pension insurance system, and an ongoing, long-term policy measure."
In 2017, the State Council issued the Programme for the Implementation of the Fund for the Transfer of State-owned Capital, which called for the selection of selected central enterprises and selected provinces to be piloted.
According to Liu Quin, the forward transfer has yielded positive results.
At the central level, three groups of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred, with a total capital transfer of approximately 860.1 billion yuan.
Of these, the transfer of central financial institutions in the Ministry of Finance, which performs the functions of financial contributors, has largely been completed.
Central enterprises have been transferred on a scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer of enterprises is carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot projects in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been largely completed, with 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan, respectively, transferred to State-owned capital.
In addition to the pilot provinces, pre-drawn preparations have been carried out in other provinces, laying the foundation for further roll-over.
According to the circulars issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the National Financial Commission, the General Directorate of Revenue, and the CVM, the central and local transfers of State-owned capital to replenish the Social Security Fund were fully rolled out in 2019 and largely completed by 2020.
The meeting held on the same day resulted in specific deployments for the full roll-out of the transition.
The need to carry out the transfer exercise in a pragmatic and efficient manner was emphasized.
In accordance with the schedule, the transfer will be largely completed by the end of 2020.
"There's a lot of work and a lot of work.
Liu Quin stated that the regions and departments needed to be well organized and well organized to ensure that the transfer process was carried out as required; that the work was well advanced and that the policy elements were accurately shaped; and that communication coordination was strengthened to resolve the problem of distress in a timely manner.
The transfer of state funds to the Social Security Fund—from the beginning of the "Enrichment of the Social Security Fund's Money Package" to the purpose of providing strong support for old-age security.
However, according to the author, this was not a simple "physical shift" of equity, but rather a "mathematical addition".
On 20 September, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of People's Welfare, the National Finance Commission, the General Directorate of Taxation, and the CVM jointly issued the Circular on the Full Expansion of the Work of the Fund for the Enrichment of State-owned Capital Transfer, which specifies the timetable for the transfer of State-owned funds, i.e. the Central and Local Transfer of State-owned Capital Enrichment of the Fund, which was fully inaugurated in 2019.
Following the publication of the document, departments such as the Ministry of Finance were soon followed up.
On 25 September, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10 per cent of the shares held in the Bank of Commerce and Industry and the Bank of Agriculture to the Social Security Fund, with the total value of the two transfers exceeding 115 billion yuan.
Under the terms of this provision, subject subjects such as social security foundations, as financial investors, have the right to the proceeds, disposition and information of the assigned shares in the State.
The company, the farm company, stated in the announcement that the change in interest would not result in a change in the shareholders and the de facto controllers of the bank.
In response, the pencil argued that a similar transfer of State equity was not a simple change in the attribution of shares, but rather a "additional operation" capable of triggering a series of effects.
The first step of some state transfers to social security is the "additional outcome", which naturally reflects the national ownership of state-owned enterprises, with development outcomes shared by all.
After many years of reform and development, State enterprises, especially central ones, are mostly in important industries and areas of our economy, with overall profitability being stronger and more stable.
Among them, the lead firms are more likely to be able to achieve good results on a sustainable basis.
On 10 July, the State Council, at its Standing Committee, decided that the transfer of State-owned capital to the Social Security Fund would be fully rolled out this year.
The Ministry of Finance subsequently indicated that it would be in a position to fully operationalize the transfer of some State-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, in line with the deployment of the Standing Committee of the State Council, fully reflecting intergenerational equity in the basic pension insurance system and the universal sharing of the results of the development of State-owned enterprises.
The second step of the shift, the "additional results", is to enhance the sustainability of our social security funds and to further strengthen the foundations of the old-age social security system.
With the ageing of our population, our social security funds are under pressure, and most of this national capital, which is a transferred subject, has sustained profitability and dividends, not only to be able to effectively supplement the social security funds, but also to provide a source of living water for them.
It has been measured that, for each transfer of 3.8 percentage points of State capital, a reduction of 1 percentage point in the contribution rate to support basic pension insurance in an enterprise is possible.
The third step of the shift, the "additional result", is the addition of stabilizers to capital markets.
This transfer is carried out in a way that "mainly dividends, with transport as a complement".
The Social Security Fund, as a financial investor of State-owned capital, is indeed the main source of dividend gains.
However, social security funds, as value investors in capital markets, have greater capacity to operate capital.
For listed assets in State-owned capital, the participation of the Social Security Fund in holding shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of publicly listed enterprises and will contribute to raising the level of business activity and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the WSSF, as an investment trend, has increased its equity weighting, which has helped to further increase its influence in the market and has a "stabilizer" role in the market.
In addition, the "value discovery" function of institutional investors can be used to guide investors in rational and value investments.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig School of Music at the age of 18, and was a rear teacher from Webburn.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman resisted in the form of works not published in Germany, and even stopped writing.
In 1933, he created Miserae and dedicated the work to "the friends of my dormant".
In 1935, the symphony was first performed in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under the Nazi rule.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and orchestral concert, which was stolen from Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Please listen to the funeral concerto of the Berne Orchestra at the Beethoven Music Festival in 2018.
Scalia's appointment as Minister of Labour-Sinhua Network was approved by the United States Senate
On September 26, New China's Washington Electric (Journalist Sun Deng Xianley) the Senate of the United States Congress voted on President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Minister of Labour.
The result was 53 votes in favour and 44 against, and no Democrats voted in favour of Scalia.
Republicans believed that Scully's curriculum vitae made him well suited to serve as Minister of Labour.
However, according to Democrats, Scullian had long stood against workers and trade unions during his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
In July of this year, the then Minister of Labour, Acosta, announced his resignation under great public pressure, as a result of the "grand leniency" given to the billionaire Jeffrey Epstein of the United States suspected of sexual assault and trafficking in girls.
At the age of 56, Scully was a partner in a prominent law firm in the United States, and his father was the late Justice of the United States Federal Supreme Court, Anthony Scully.
The Department of Labor is the Cabinet-level department of the United States federal government and is responsible for labour-related matters, etc.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Trump had nominated Peter Genner, acting head of the Federal Agency for Emergency Measures, to formally head the agency.
In accordance with the procedure, Gena's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
The Federal Emergency Measures Agency, which is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal government resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks and follow-up in the United States.
Since the thirty-fifth anniversary of the National Day parade, the "Great No Hegemony" Front of the Strategic Missile Force has emerged every time it has organized the parade.
"This national parade, after a 'soldier' mutiny, led the Rocket Army to make its first appearance on Long An Street."
Wang Bo, head of the RPG command team, said.
The missile-reviewed forces fully promote a spirit of special hardship, special combat and dedication, intensive training, scientific training, and three main characteristics of the training, and a good image of strategic forces, with greater emphasis on solidity.
During this parade, both generals and soldiers were strictly required to exercise strenuous and forbidden hard manoeuvres.
They also focused on promoting craftsmen's spirit, capturing every detail technique, perseverance, and practice, and creating "strong military positions, fast action, bright answers", and constantly building a Wahwu missile front with a tight working style, with greater emphasis on scientific and technological innovation.
The Rocket Army, as a strategic and highly technological force, speaks of science, technology and innovation as good traditions and advantages.
This military parade, which builds on previous experience, breaks the mindset, breaks the traditional approach, uses advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, real-time speeding, and improves the level and quality of training, ensuring that no milli centimetre combinations are achieved, teams do not operate differently in seconds, and more closely match the operational standards.
The Rocket Army is subject to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade and launch site, with each and every detail being stalked, the quenching of the parade, and the national celebration of the parade as a training and testing ground for force multipliers.
Iran's confirmed development of advanced centrifuges further suspended the implementation of the Iran Nuclear Agreement
On 27 September, the Central Bureau reported that the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) had stated that Iran had once again violated the Iran-Nuclear Agreement by using advanced centrifugal mechanisms for the production of enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran Nuclear Agreement in response to President Trump's withdrawal from the Iran Nuclear Agreement in May 2018 and the reinstatement and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran had suspended two other commitments in July, namely to keep its stocks of enriched uranium below 300 kg and to do so at a purity level of not more than 3.67 per cent, and further action had been taken.
In accordance with the nuclear agreement, Iran could only accumulate enriched uranium by installing about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz, and allowed Iran to study only a small number of more advanced aircraft but not to produce enriched uranium.
Iran's successful development of more advanced centrifuges would enable it to produce enriched uranium at a rate several times, possibly for use in the manufacture of nuclear bombs.
It was reported that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reported that "On 25 September, the Agency confirmed that Iran's R&D-2, aircraft-3, advanced centrifuges ... were accumulating or prepared to accumulate enriched uranium".
The report was presented to Member States on 26 June by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy on (Natanz enriched uranium) facilities."
The Korean Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs officially appeared.
Chen Heiling, President of the Korean Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs, stated that VKBIA would work together to serve as a bridge to strengthen relations between the two countries.
The two countries are striving to increase their trade in both directions to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Heiling was convinced that the birth of the Association was an important step towards that goal.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the Government and relevant Korean functional bodies would assist the Association in its future operation.
The Deputy Ambassador of Viet Nam to the Republic of Korea, Chen Changshui, stated that VKBIA would create a good platform for the exchange and sharing of experiences and ideas between entrepreneurs from both countries, with the aim of expanding the space for investment cooperation and mutual assistance to make a more effective contribution to Viet Nam's economic development and integration into the international economy, and would contribute to the thriving development of trade relations between the Republic of Korea.
At the ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Viet Nam Association of Farmers and Agricultural Enterprises.
VKBIA coincided with the tenth anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between the two countries and was born in the context of the strengthening of practical cooperation between the two countries in the areas of foreign affairs, defence and security, and the promotion of trade and investment cooperation, with a view to achieving the 2020 target of $100 billion in two-way trade.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, the Minister of Education of the new Italian government and member of the Five-Star Movement, had recently submitted a motion to Parliament to recommend that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on sugar-rich beverages, snacks and air tickets.
It was reported that the Italian Government would impose a zero-food tax on food products harmful to health, such as sugar beverages and snacks, as well as an environmental tax on air tickets, Euro1 for domestic flights and Euro1.5 for international classes, on the basis of a bill motion by the Minister of Education, Fio Lamontti.
Fio Lamontti stated that through this seemingly small series of tax measures, the government expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
Funds from this tax will be available in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte stated that he believed that it was a viable option, while Italian parliamentarians, European parliamentarians, and the leader of the Union Party, Salvigni, satirized that they would be asked to hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sugar, as the new government would begin to levy a zero-food tax.
It was reported that the zero-food tax generally referred to a special tax on sugar-containing beverages and high calorie foods.
The introduction of this tax would contribute to public health benefits.
On the evening of 25 September, the Chinese Embassy in Canada hosted a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Jung Baiwu, held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of 25 September to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China.
In his message, Jung Baiwu stated that in the 70 years since the establishment of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the combined efforts of the entire Chinese people, the Chinese socialist cause had achieved remarkable achievements, not only by profoundly changing the face of China for the benefit of its people, but also by far-reaching world significance.
Based on its national circumstances, China has developed a socialist path of Chinese identity, expanded the way developing countries are modernizing, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese programmes to solving human problems.
The figure is a pictures exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China, which was held simultaneously at the footprint of the guests present.
Jun Peiwu stated that China had created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and had made an important contribution to the peaceful development of the world.
China adheres to an independent and sovereign foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations centred on the five principles of peaceful coexistence. It is the builder of world peace, the contributor to global development and the defender of the international order.
China's development offered new opportunities for the development of all countries of the world, including Canada, for the benefit of all peoples.
Jung Bai-wu stressed that the nearly 50 years of development of the Central-Caribbean relationship had shown that relations between the two countries could only proceed on the right track, in accordance with the principles of equality and mutual respect.
Conversely, relations between the two countries would be frustrated and the interests of the two countries would be undermined.
There are serious difficulties in the current relations between China and China, and there is no responsibility in China.
"The Suzuki must also be the Suzuki".
It was to be hoped that Canada would find as soon as possible a proper solution to the problems highlighted in its bilateral relations and that conditions would be created for the resumption of relations between the two countries.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friends from all walks of life, ambassadors and Chinese expatriates, middle-income institutions and student delegates attended the reception.
The Chinese embassy in Calais attended the reception, which was attended by diplomats from the embassy, including Chen Minjian and Xiao Guangzhou.
The reception featured a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, with promotional videos such as China 2019 and Beautiful China.
Chinese artists and embassy diplomats performed special art programmes.
It was also the first public event to be celebrated as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada.
Jung Baiwu arrived on 22 September and presented a copy of the national letter to the Chief Protocol Officer and the Chief of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wheeler, in Ottawa the following day.
Born in May 1967, she graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was stationed at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of the century.
Prior to his departure to Canada, he served as Director of the North American Oceania Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, previously serving as Minister Counsellor and Minister at the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The city of Hanoi, Viet Nam, has endeavoured to expand its cooperation with various parts of the country
Mr. Nguyen de Chung recalled the exchange of delegations of practical importance between the two sides and confirmed that those activities had helped to nurture the special friendly relations that President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaisan Fonwehan expected from both countries.
Mr. Nguyen de Chung hoped that Ambassador Tung Shavan would continue to serve as a good bridge and a link for friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tonshavan said that Laos had learned from and benefited from many of Viet Nam's successful experiences and had been impressed by the groundbreaking developments in Hanoi city and Viet Nam in recent years.
Ambassador Tonshavan expressed his gratitude to the city government of Hanoi for its continued strong support and assistance for the activities of the Embassy of Laos in Viet Nam, and trusted that the old relationship would continue to develop well despite the volatile global situation.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen de Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi City to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020 onwards, the city of Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in Hanoi city's higher education institutions.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the missions in ASEAN hosted a reception on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN hosted a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Guests such as Lukita, Minister of Trade of Indonesia, Sofian, Minister of Lands and Space Planning, and Confu, Deputy Secretary-General of ASEAN, attended the reception.
The reception was attended by more than 1,000 Indonesian friends, representatives of national missions and international organizations in Indonesia, Chinese expatriates, middle-ranking agencies, and student-student representatives, as well as a minor winner of the "I and China" prize for painting.
The Ambassador of China to Indonesia, Shaw Than, and the Ambassador of China to ASEAN, Huangxi Yi Lian, warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao, speaking on behalf of the Chinese embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 had opened the New Year of Chinese History.
China has made progress from closures and backwards to openness, from lack of clothes to full and well-being, from poverty and weakness to prosperity, and the Chinese nation has embraced a historic leap from standing up, wealth up to strength.
Shaw Thousand said that in recent years relations between China and Indonesia had grown considerably, political confidence between the two countries had increased, practical cooperation had continued, and exchanges in all areas had expanded. Indonesia's overall strategic partnership had grown steadily.
China-ASEAN relations have continued to escalate, consistently maintaining mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and contributing significantly to the development of peaceful stability and prosperity in the region.
According to Shaw Thousand, the essence of the development of New China over the past 70 years was that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, had set up and developed socialist paths of Chinese identity.
This path, in keeping with the tide of the times and in keeping with China's national circumstances, has profoundly changed the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation and has made a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a path to good, right and good power.
The chart attracted guests to the "Thematic Tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China".
Shaw Thousand said that China, along with Indonesia and ASEAN, would continue to work together to build a new kind of international relations, promote the creation of a community of destiny for humanity and make a new and greater contribution to the world, both bilaterally and regionally.
All guests watched a brilliant video reviewing the 70-year achievements of New China and reflecting China-Indonesia-China-ASEAN relations.
Video clips divided into "China's Development Achievements Huang", "China-Indonesia relations are well advanced" and "China-ASEAN relations upgrade" received a lively acclaim.
The reception also featured a "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China", which attracted guests.
Hundred-degree first automated taxi convoy to start pilot operations
Yesterday, in Changsha, Hundreds announced that the automated taxi Robotaxi pilot was officially opened.
The first 45 Apollo Red Banner EV Robotaxi teams, developed jointly with a Red Banner, began pilot operations in the Changsha part of the open test route.
As of that date, ordinary Changsha citizens will have access to the Apollo Network as a seed user and will have the opportunity to test their experience.
An experienced passenger stated that he was sitting behind the vehicle, clicking on the front screen of the passenger's seat, and that the automated driving journey of the vehicle was opened at a key.
In the vehicle, in order to ensure the safety of the passengers and the current policy and regulations, the pilot vehicle is equipped with a security officer at the driver's seat to maximize the safety of the passengers.
During the course of the journey, the vehicle can make intelligent changes depending on the condition of the journey, can also judge the movement of the surrounding vehicle, and can automatically circumvent circumstances such as the proximity of the vehicle.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows the pedestrian, car, and even some traditional blind areas on the roadside in real time.
Even when the vehicle was shielded, information about changes in the front red and green lights and waiting times could be seen in advance, and all the road conditions were clear.
Unmanned, who had heard on television before, thought that it was far from us, but found it in our life today, feeling curiosity.
We look forward to its real future integration into the lives of the population.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 loader test plates from the Changsha city administration.
At present, Changsha's automated driving test open road runs through the artificial smart-technology cities of Changsha city, Mayxi Lake, Yang Lake, Grand King Hill and Gao Xin District, which is 135 km long, with a model area of 70 km2, which is the longest road mileage and the largest in China, with the most complex and well-developed smart driving infrastructure.
By the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi team was expected to have a pilot operating road covering about 50 km in Changsha, and in the first half of 2020 it was planned to cover 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha.
The women's platoon winners remained dissatisfied: so much was done by the strong teams that it would be difficult to do so
In the 27th afternoon of Beijing time, Chinese women ranked in the ninth tournament of the 2019 Volleyball Women's World Cup, with their opponents being the powerful Dutch women's platoon, and the Chinese women's platoon 3:1 winning the Dutch women's platoon, winning the 9th tournament.
However, after the tournament, the women's platoon coach F.C. was still dissatisfied with the team's third innings.
"Third-inning balls are more aggressive, and some (one legend) do not get the ball, and we do not have a lot of mistakes."
"It's very difficult to hit the brigade, and it's so much wrong."
In an interview with Lang Pinghai, he said.
"We say to the team members that we're going to focus, that a legend of attacks is not in place, that we're going to attack the adjustment, and that we're going to guard against each other."
Rang Ping also commented on Zhang's performance, saying that she had some difficulties in the attack and was more eager to kill the ball, and that the action would change.
I want her to be patient, "We all protect her".
China's development was an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
(70 New China) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The White Paper states that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The White Paper states that with the rapid increase in China's combined national and international influence, there are international fears that China will follow the path of the "Big Bang", and some have proposed the so-called "Chinese threat theory".
This is both cognitive misinterpretation, deep-rooted bias, and psychological disequilibrium resulting from power growth, as well as deliberate distortions in the interest of self-determined interests.
It is the dream of the Chinese people as well as the common dream of the people of all countries to achieve the wealth of the country, its national revival and its happiness.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge."
The White Paper states that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, that China is the largest contributor to world economic growth, that China's scientific and technological innovation injected new dynamic energy into world economic growth, and that the future role of the stabilizer and power source in China's economy has become more prominent.
The world economy is currently under-powered by economic growth, and a robust Chinese economy is becoming increasingly important to the world.
China's economy was shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development, new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, rapid modernization of agriculture, deep restructuring of the economic structure, continuous upgrading of industrial optimization, and the emergence of new economic growth points.
A study by the McKinsey Global Academy found that by 2040, China's integration with the rest of the world was expected to create an economic value of between $22 trillion and $37 trillion, equivalent to 15 - 26 per cent of the total global economy, and that greater cooperation between the rest of the world and China would create great economic value."
The White Paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and deep integration.
China, with more stable economic performance, higher quality growth and promising growth prospects, had long-term benefits for world economic development.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to see China's economic development as a "threat" nor a "challenge", and to try to squeeze China out of global industrial chains, supply chains, and value chains, and to "de-link" China from the world economy.
The White Paper states that full openness creates more opportunities for countries to share "Chinese dividends".
China was firmly committed to a win-win and open-ended strategy, with greater vigour and a higher level of external openness, with China having the world's most potent consumer market, China being the most attractive destination for investment, and more large-scale "go-and-go" for the benefit of more countries.
"Open openings should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
For mutual benefit to be durable in both directions."
The White Paper stated that China was committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection, and that other countries should expand their openness and take appropriate steps to improve their business environment.
It is only by moving forward that an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win environment for development can be created, with the greater the "cake" of development together and a mutually beneficial community of interests.
The White Paper states that China provides the international community with more public goods.
This includes promoting high-quality "track-by-track" co-operation, multilateral platforms for dialogue and cooperation, active participation in international and regional affairs, and active external assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community and has always been remembered for the family of nations, providing the international community with more and better public goods."
In a recent written visit to the Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Sleepniyov, the General Manager of the Russian Export Centre, expressed Russia's readiness to intensify cooperation with China in the field of economic and trade, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Sleepnov noted that the forestry, mechanical and chemical industries accounted for a significant proportion of Russian exports to China, while the export of agricultural products, including grease, meat and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood, was also important.
Russian exports of non-feedstock, non-energy and non-energy products have also shown good and stable development in recent years.
Referring to Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Spuniov said that Russia had set up a mandate to expand its exports of high-technology products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from all countries and regions of the world, including China.
The Russian side would then improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote further growth in the number of high-technology enterprises.
Sleepnov stated that Russia was willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and to develop cooperation with China in the fields of medicine, aeronautical manufacturing, etc.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the area of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many areas were "quality superior and price competitive" compared to those of the same kind in the West.
Referring to the two countries' bilateral trade target of $200 billion by 2024, Spenev said that areas such as agriculture, mechanical manufacturing, the chemical industry and forestry would play an important role in achieving that goal.
The Russian side intends to promote diversification of supply in these areas and to promote the export of highly processed products.
He stressed that Russia intended to facilitate the entry of its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China was one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemical industries are well placed to participate in this process.
There is a need to continue to deepen cooperation between the two countries, "to establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and to develop joint exports to third countries".
Sleepnov stated that the Russian Export Centre was supporting Chinese exports of Russian products through various measures and services implemented by the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank.
At the same time, the Russian Export Centre will continue to deepen its cooperation with the relevant Chinese sectors, facilitate easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new export-to-China categories.
There has been a significant increase in the number of financial institutions paying in the renminbi worldwide.
The World Bank Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) released its most recent "People's Currency Tracking Special" in London in July 2017 and July 2019, indicating that there was a significant increase in the number of financial institutions paying in renminbi around the world.
At the 2019 London Annual Conference of the SWIFT Financial Telecommunications Association of the World Bank (SWIFT), the agency's special issue, "Royal Currency Tracking", entitled Insight into the People's Currency from a London Perspective, showed an increase of 11.31% in the number of financial institutions paying in the People's Currency worldwide from July 2017, to 2214.
Of these, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions paying in the yuan renminbi, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of up to 20.98 per cent.
The report shows that as of August 2019, the share of the renminbi in the global payment currency was 2.22 per cent.
At the same time, London played a leading role in the offshore foreign exchange deal.
According to the reported data, London's share of offshore foreign exchange transactions in July 2019 was 33.79 per cent.
London is reported to be the first country in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14 per cent, the United States 12.93 per cent and France 7.67 per cent.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough" by stealing self-harm.
The spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Geng Shuang, responded to the ritual press conference in response to the fact that Taiwanese personnel had entered United Nations Headquarters to attend meetings on religious issues.
Journalists asked, according to Taiwanese media reports, Taipei's New York office had recently entered United Nations Headquarters to attend meetings on religious issues in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting to which you referred was a side event held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations and not a United Nations conference at all.
Curiously, the people of the Taiwanese side mixed into the United Nations in a clandestine manner, damaging their personality, and rendering it a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough", a small act that was disgraceful and laughing.
He noted that the United Nations, for its part, had repeatedly reaffirmed its commitment to the issue of Taiwan in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758 and the one-China principle maintained by the wider United Nations membership.
Hoa Haut Accelerated Breast Industry Structural Upgrading - Xinhua Network
The Xinhua Shinhua and Hotte reporters (Journalist An-Luomont) learned from the government of the city of Houx and Hot in the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia that the city of Houx and Haute had accelerated the upgrading of the breasts industry, and that Ily and Montbull had joined the world's top ten breasts, and had accelerated the implementation of projects such as the Ily Healthy Food Industry Park, and the Montbull Chinese Breast Industry Park, making every effort to upgrade the Chinese Breast version.
The dairy industry is the traditional dominant industry in the city of Hot, with its unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, and the rapid expansion of the dairy industry in the city of Hot and the increasing rate of large-scale farming.
In 2018, the city's milk breeding rate was more than 98 per cent, nearly 85 per cent of farmers entered the industrial chain, and the total sales revenue of the Ily and Montagnard businesses was close to $150 billion.
In order to further work on strong breasts, the city of Hui and Hot launched the "Some Opinions to Create Upgraded Chinese Breast" and the "Three-year Plan of Action to Promote Upgrading of the Breast Industry" (2018 - 2020), which led to the achievement of the 4.0 goal of breasts manufacturing, the construction of high-quality dairy bases, the association of farm interests, the development of trillion-class dragons, the development of special clusters of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the "Five Upgrades" of internationalization of the dairy industry.
The mayor of the city of Hohot, Feng Yu-chen, said that the local government would speed up projects to promote the Ily Healthy Foods Industry Park, the Moncull Chinese Dairy Industry Park and invest billion yuan in the land, and the construction of the National Dairy Technology Innovation Centre (NEMI) would continue to increase the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
Upward adjustment of 5 guilders to the median exchange rate of the United States dollar on 27 September
With exchange rate fluctuations of + - 3 per cent, banks today have a ceiling on the United States dollar against the Shield of 23854, with a floor of 22465 Shield.
The bank's purchase and sale prices for the coins were 3211 and 3295, respectively, a decrease of 1 guilder from the previous trading day.
The Commercial Bank of Vietnam's Technicians (Techcombank) set the purchase and sale prices for the United States dollar as 23131 and 23271 respectively, two times lower than the previous trading day.
The bank's purchase and sale prices for the coins were 3193 and 3326, respectively, down by 1 guilder and 2 guilder, respectively, from the previous trading day.
China's "Good Stories" database is available online to show the world real and comprehensive China
An innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work aimed at "close Chinese stories and spread the voice of China"—the "Good Chinese Stories" database is officially on-line today, showing real, solid and comprehensive China to the world.
The "Chinastory of China" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by the Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
It was the site of the "U.S. and Co-United States-Chinese Good Stories" database launch on September 27.
On the same day, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work aimed at "goodly telling the Chinese story and spreading the Chinese voice" – the "Good Chinese story" database – was officially on-line and presented to the world real, solid, and comprehensive China.
It opened the "Chinese Good Stories" database, a well-established ink fish chart of Xu Xu, and opened a new Chinese story store for readers across the space and time.
The database contains more than 60,000 fine stories, ranging from the traditional story of "fidelity to the State" and "Foolfulness to the Mountains", to the new era story of "I will not have me" and "Not forgetting First Heart", and tens of thousands of good Chinese stories became living vectors of "Chinese Spirit" "Chinese Wisdom" and "Chinese Power".
The story library brings together five main types of storytelling: "1+4".
The Secretary-General of Xi Jinping was the "First Lecturer of the Chinese Story", the "Learning" panel focused on the stories of Xi Jinping, Xi Jinping and the characters of Xi Jinping and Xi Jinping, providing a rich and easy web platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping and the truth about the governance of the country behind the story; the "Governance of the People's Republic of China" and "Fighting the Dream" and "Cong Chinese Culture" and the "Cooperative Wins and Wins" four story categories of the Chinese Communist Party's government, the Chinese People's Dream of Dreams Dream, the deep Chinese Chinese culture, and the win-win story of China's adherence to peace and development cooperation.
Journalists learned from the online launch of the U.S.-Communist-Chinese Good Stories database in Beijing today that the Chinese Good Stories database opened a Chinese-English website and mobile phone client.
The site is comprehensive, well-functioning, fashion-designed, and the entire media shows excellent stories.
Clients of mobile phones highlight artificial smart voice functions, adjusting to mobile transmission trends, and provide users with accompanying "Chinese Good Stories" players.
In order to facilitate searching, the database fully utilizes the technological advantages of the intelligent search technique of Chinese searches, providing a rich search function in the form of time searches, map searches, people searches, labels, etc., which is easy to access and quickly.
The "Chinese Good Stories" database also features an open-door content platform, which has opened "Story numbers" for more than a dozen first hosts such as the National Qualification Commission.
Demonstrations against the President's desperate rains on Mount Egypt Demonstrated strong repression
The Twitter theme label and the community media are strongly advocating that the Egyptian people take to the streets today and peacefully claim the resignation of President Sessi.
However, the authorities have indicated their intention to use force against them.
Since Sessi, the then head of the military, began a military coup d'état in 2013 to seize the handles of power, dissenting the matter has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest is more likely to be in extreme danger.
The British Guardian reported that the Cairo non-governmental organization, the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, stated that more than 1,900 people had been arrested since the rare protests calling for Sessi to be removed last weekend.
Allegations of glorious corruption surrounding Sessi and his family led to thousands of people marching on the streets from 20 to 20 years.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior took a firm position yesterday that any attempt to destabilize the country would be decisively welcomed and never softened.
The city centre of Cairo had already been on high alert, and riot police, security agency vehicles and plain-clothes policemen were visible on the streets around Tahrir Square, which was the scene of the 2011 Egyptian Revolution.
Al-Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of key scholars and social sons on 25 days, including a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist Nafa.
He had sent a tweet on 24 days: "I have no doubt that the continuation of the absolute rule of Sessi would cause disaster."
"It is in the interest of Egypt that he step down immediately."
Prior to Nafa's arrest, Hosni, a spokesman for Anan, former chief of staff of the Egyptian military, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sessi for the presidency.
The President of the Constitutional Party, Davud, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at a time when the economic hardship of the poor and the middle class is worsening, the dissident approach reflects the instability and fragility of the Government.
The Leader of the Opposition, Ayman Nour, who had championed the President, said: "The catch-up underscores how much the regime is indifferent to the Egyptian people and how horror it itself is."
"Since the economy has been wiped out by him, together with widespread political oppression, Sessi tries to send a clear message to important generals and politicians who may be replaced."
Nol noted that the Government's high-handed approach would only increase people's anger in the context of the continuing deterioration of the socio-economic situation.
Since the barrier of fear had been broken, he expected more people to go to the streets.
Ali, a merchant and actor in exile in Spain, had been an Egyptian military construction contractor and had started uploading a series of films early in the month, benefiting from the corruption of the government and detonating small demonstrations in various cities over the weekend.
Ali stated that his company's Amrake General Contract would be able to obtain a lucrative contract without the required bidding process, emphasizing the corruption of the military and Sécy's relatives, including the First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He expressed deep regret that he had been involved in it.
Ali claims that his own help to Sesigue's Fully Hall Palace and the Luxiliary Hotel is in stark contrast to the current Egyptian living in abject poverty and has not yet been paid.
On Twitter, subject labels such as "To stand up and you're not alone", "Sessi Your Eggs", "Sessied" and "Next Friday", have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and backs, calling for people to move to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand that Sessi be removed.
The Hollywood Egyptian boy star Amawake's Twitter has nearly 7 million followers.
He said in a tweet in Arabic yesterday: "Sexi is bound to end the egg ... he is finished, and those who support him are now going to commit a big mistake."
Special Free Training Programme for the Hong Kong Department for recently economically affected employees
The HKSAR Government announced on 27 July that a free special training scheme was introduced for employees affected by the recent economic situation and that eligible trainees would receive a training allowance of up to HK$4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
There are few customers of many boutique shops in Hong Kong's Sha Tsui harbour.
As a result of recent social strife in Hong Kong, tourist arrivals have declined significantly in the recent past, affecting the hotel, catering and retail sectors, with the exception of the tourism industry.
The Director of the Department of Labour and Welfare of the Government of the HKSAR, Row Lucky, and the Director of the Bureau of Commerce and Economic Development, Kwu Tenghua, have commissioned the Department of Employees' Retraining to carry out special training programmes and to meet with the media on measures to support the tourism sector.
Luo Guangguang described the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy as imminent and should not wait until the situation was calm.
As a result, the HKSAR Government introduced a free training programme called "Special? Value for Love".
It was reported that persons who had been unemployed or who had been requested by their employers to take unpaid leave as of 1 June had the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as the relevant requirements had been met.
Luo Guang Guang had a wide range of courses, the most important of which was "vocational skills" training, covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering, and new "innovative science and technology" courses, as well as cross-sectoral "universal skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses were free and that it was expected that some 10,000 people in need would be supported.
Participants in the scheme receive a special allowance up to HK$4,000 per month for every full-time or part-time course and attendance of 80 per cent.
It was indicated that the training course would last from two to three months and would be offered by some 50 training institutions, and would be open to citizens from 3 October to 31 March next year, each of whom could report up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry in order to assist the industry in crossing the border.
These measures include the relaxation of the allocation of funds to the Tourism Council, the funding of 6,000 guided tours for poster courses, and the granting of an exemption for annual fees to travel agents.
And the motorist is also brainstorming?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes showed that the brain showed signs of fatigue after high-intensity motion.
This study, led by Massieus Pesigrión, a specialist at the Pitière-Salpetrille hospital in France, shows that there is no clear link between brain and physical work: both require cognitive control of the activity.
Persigrión explained: "You need to control the autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when muscle and clock pains."
The study was launched by the French National Academy of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's specialist is responsible for directing the athletes in preparation for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from over-training syndrome, i.e. uncontrollable fatigue after high loads, physical recovery and declining performance.
INSEP raises the question that part of the cause of this disease will not be neurological fatigue, that is, neurological fatigue due to overbrain labour.
The study was published in Contemporary Biology.
Previously, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Gallery of Fine Arts, which had specifically planned to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China, finally unveiled the veil.
Xu's Puma, Xi's Puhua, Xi'i's Puhua, Li's Wanshan's Red Lover Link, Jin's Tajiq brides, Lu Neut's Father, Liu's Four Generation of Zussi's more than 480 pieces of fine work, bringing together the classical collections of more than 20 important galleries in the country, almost all the classical works of the New China since its inception.
The "Great Journey of the Great Junior Book" – Fine Arts exhibition celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China – a rich and multidimensional display of the great journey and brilliant achievements of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the New China, and of the great spirit of the Chinese people's unrelenting struggle and self-reliance.
The exhibition was divided into one sequence and four chapters.
The exhibition was a large exhibition of more than 480 pieces of art, including Chinese paintings, paintings, sculptures, water powder, year paintings and posters, and consisted of a collection of classical works from the Chinese Gallery, bringing together more than 20 major academic institutions and art museums in the country.
In addition, more than 130 new real-life works on "National Thematic Fine Arts Creation", organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, were also featured for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the Chinese Gallery of Fine Arts, for the first time, used all its exhibition space, except for the three floors of the exhibition hall in the pavilion, and the outdoor courtyard space was created as a sculpture exhibition area, and the exhibition design was designed to form an exhibition pattern corresponding to the inside and outside world.
It is known that the exhibition will be exhibited until 2 November.
In accordance with the unified arrangements for the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China in Beijing City, the Chinese Gallery of Fine Arts was suspended from 28 September to 1 October.
September 27 was celebrated as World Tourism Day, this year with the theme "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All", and the Tourist Board arranged a series of events, including hospitality to lucky passengers and traditional pallets to be celebrated with residents and passengers.
On the same day, an ad hoc dinner celebrating World Tourism Day promoted exchanges with the tourism industry, with the participation of the Director of the Department of Social and Cultural Affairs, Shun-Hung Tan, among others, who contributed to this global tourist event and actively promoted the sustainable development of the tourism industry in Macao.
The director and deputy director of the Tourist Board, Wen Iqua, and the relevant director, among others, Xu Yao Ming, arrived at the Macao International Airport on the same day and delivered a souvenir to the lucky tourists on the occasion of World Tourism Day.
The Thai traveler, Mr. Wipoosiri, became a lucky traveler this year, stating that Macao travels about four to five times a year, and that Macao is a tourist destination suitable for a small or small tourist destination, with access to Macao's cuisine on weekend holidays and to the Macao City area.
The Macao tourist mascot "Mack" mechanics also welcomed passengers, and the Tourist Board's Traveller's Visitor's Questioning Office arranged for all-day souvenirs to be given to passengers.
The traditional pallet competition took place on the afternoon of the same year, with a cloud of close to 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao, which coincided with the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year.
There are also participants wearing jewellery specializing in the theme of return.
Each participant, carrying a bottle of "Macao Beer", crossed the streets of the "Historical City of Macao" and sent beer safely to the terminal kiosks with the fastest speed possible, a process of intense stimulation, attracting large numbers of tourists along the journey to take photographs and even play for competitors, showing Macao's tourist charm.
The men's group championship was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Sands City Center of Macao; the women's group champion was Jiaju Group's Jiao; and the most special clothing winners were Choi Shihong of the Jiajing and Jinlong Hotel of the Jiaju Group.
On that evening, the Tourist Board invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of the relevant ministries, industry and the media, to attend a dinner celebrating World Tourism Day.
In a dinner, Tan stated that he had returned to 20 years of tourism development in Macao, but was now faced with changing external environmental factors, encouraging industry to think creatively, building on the successes achieved, reorienting strategies and developing new tourism products and extension models, expanding the market, and encouraging industry to continue to support the growth and sustainable development of the tourism industry in Macao.
The dinner also featured the theme "Celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region" and arranged for Macao singers to sing the original song "Lotus to the Family", as well as six major tourist enterprises to present a number of side-to-back shows showing the diverse tourism leisure element of Macao and the versatility of tourists.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September of each year as World Tourism Day, with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, particularly its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The Central Bank carries out 30 billion yuan in reverse repurchase operations
The Xinhua News Agency Beijing Electric (Journalist Zhang Thousand, Wu Hui) People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reburchase operation on 27 September at an interest rate.
Due to the expiry of the 40 billion yuan repurchase on the same day, the People's Bank's repurchase operation resulted in a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The Central Bank issued a circular stating that a 30 billion yuan repurchase operation would be carried out that day for 14 days, with an average interest rate of 2.7 per cent.
This was the 7th working day of the Central Bank's 14-day counter-buy-back operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offer Rate (Shibor), issued on 27 July, shows an overnight interest rate of 1.313 per cent, compared with 32.4 basis points down from the previous trading date; a rate of 7 days interest of 2.59 per cent, compared with 1.3 basis points up to the previous trading date; a rate of 14 days interest of 2.95 per cent, compared with 1.7 basis points down from the previous trading date; and a rate of 3.048 per cent for the one-year period, the same as at the previous trading date.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" and be more comfortable—to visit Choi Yimin, head of the consular department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Everywhere, your country is behind you.
On 25 May, the first Foreign Ministry's short film on consular protection of the public good was on the line, and the phrase ending with the short film resonated with a wide range of online friends.
The head of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Choi Yimin, stated in an interview with the Xinhua News Agency reporter that the short film was intended to further the people's feelings and temperatures of "diplomacy as a citizen" and that Chinese citizens would feel aid, strength and hope from Chinese diplomats in any part of the world.
There is no small thing to be safe overseas, and there is a one-way-all affair.
Choi Yimin said that the number of Chinese citizens "go out" had increased sharply over the past 70 years, from "less than a million" before the reform and opening to more than a billion times a year today; at the same time, Chinese citizens' travel abroad was more secure, and consular protection and assistance was extended from overseas Chinese nationals to various groups such as Chinese expatriates, tourists, students and workers.
According to statistics, since the 18th largest party, we have organized more than 10 major evacuations or transfers of Chinese citizens abroad, and more than 40,000 Chinese citizens have been safely evacuated from dangerous and volatile areas.
It received and coordinated approximately 500,000 requests for assistance, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
At a dangerous moment, the motherland can bring you home; it's no longer a dream of a "go-and-go journey".
According to Choi Amin, by the end of August this year, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering persons with ordinary passports.
In addition, an increasing number of countries have unilaterally granted entry facilities to Chinese citizens, such as visa waivers or landing visas.
Forty-two countries and territories, including Thailand and Egypt, have granted Chinese citizens with ordinary passports a visa to land, while another 15 countries and territories, including Indonesia, have granted Chinese citizens with ordinary passports a visa-free entry.
In addition to arrangements such as visa waivers and loading, Chinese citizens are also seeking visas more easily and more streamlined procedures.
By the end of August, China had concluded visa facilitation agreements or arrangements with 41 countries.
These include agreements with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina for the granting of 10-year and multiple visas to tourists, businessmen, and two-year visa arrangements with the United Kingdom for travel, business and family visits.
The United Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched a "visa one-stop" service, with France, Italy and Singapore reducing the processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
Multi-entry and easy-cut APEC business travel cards are a good option for businesspeople who often leave the country.
According to Choi Amin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining more than five-year visas in 16 economies around Asia and the Pacific, and is important for businessmen, especially private business personnel, to "go out".
Currently, China has the highest level of active card holding in APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens in more countries, translate the results of the diplomatic work more into the Favorite Liberty initiative, and continuously increase the "gold content" of Chinese passports.
It is close to the country.
Yesterday morning, Cai Chi, the Secretary of the City Council, led a team to check the availability of safe production and holiday markets during the National Day.
He stressed the need to raise political positions, strengthen bottom-line thinking, work with great care to ensure the safe operation of cities and the supply of markets, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and allow the public to observe a festival of happiness and peace.
The Deputy Secretary of the City Council and the Mayor Chen Jinin.
The Tiananmen Regional Electricity Service Centre has an area of nearly 7 square kilometres of power supply and has built a smart patrol system, real-time monitoring and analysis of data, and equipment for smart maintenance, assessment and safety.
Cai Chi and Chen Jinin scrutinized the operation and safe production of the power supply equipment, asked for important details of the power supply and security work, and walked to the Movement Control Command Hall to report on the safe supply and gas work during the festival in conjunction with the large screen.
Tsai offered his condolences to front-line staff and stressed the need to develop bottom-line thinking, catch fire and so forth, increase the number of visits to the field, focus on the end, and strengthen safety screening and monitoring of the operation of equipment on a point-by-point basis to ensure that the supply of electricity and gas is absolutely safe.
In the department stores of the capital, all kinds of merchandise are covered by Len Luang, and the festivities of the festival are overflowing.
On the second floor of the basement, the piles of brick and brick-brick fences and old shops of age, such as theatres, food stores, old bookshops, and so on, are in the thriving Beijing flavour.
Choichi and Chen Jinin went to watch and listen to Wang Wai's department stores in conjunction with walking street upgrades to upgrade business operations and market supply reports, with detailed information on festivals.
He went to the Red Star Food and Oil Company, the Great North Photo Gallery, etc. to learn about the sale of Beijing-specific merchandise, and asked tourists about the experience along the way.
In the Zhang Binggui Candy Cabinets, the Beijing City Labour Model, Zhang Binggui's son Zhang dynasty, and the desperation of the "One Catch" were carried out, and Cai urged him to vigorously promote the spirit of the Candy.
Tsai Jin-chi, enhanced market monitoring to ensure sufficient stability in the supply of festivals and a high level of food safety; people-intensive places such as shopping malls to get fire safety, etc.
The city's chiefs Choi Shuang, Wang Hong, and Zhang Jia-min participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "The head of the line" guarded the passenger transport line for safety.
Journalists were informed by the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Authority that, to date, there were 1334 passenger routes in 11 district cities and six provincial direct counties in Jiangxi.
The head of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Authority described the security situation of road passengers as a result of irregularities in the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises, the lack of real accountability of the security agents of the enterprises, the occurrence of irregularities such as excessive speed of passenger vehicles and driver fatigue.
With a view to further suppressing the primary responsibility of the road passenger company for safe production and ensuring passenger safety by car, Jiangxi began piloting the "line length" system in 2017 and gradually spread throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger companies in Jiangxi have implemented "line lengths" and "line chiefs" have been selected to run 1334 lines, covering 4824 passenger vehicles.
It was noted that the "Leader" was generally appointed by the Road Transport Passenger Enterprise, who was specifically responsible for the management of the bus, car, wire, etc. and for ensuring full control of the line, vehicle, driver, operating environment, etc. for the operation of the line.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Administration will, from October to December, hold a special public rewarding event for food and security, with food and security educators leading a tour of the "Indian Food and Agricultural Products for the Twenty-Year Photo Exhibition of Australia" and the "Food Information Station".
Co-hosted by the National Customs Administration and the Municipal Administration of the Macao Special Administrative Region (Macao Special Administrative Region), "Hands Watch Together to Secure Agricultural Products in the Mainland for the Twenty-Year Workday Pictures Show", it is now hosted by the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Save the Chinese Traders' Building and attracts a number of visitors from the city.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Administration will pay further attention to food security during the period from October to December, at 3.30 p.m. (except for public holidays), at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Hanshang Trader Building, ad hoc food safety public rewarding activities, with food safety educators taking a tour of the photo exhibition and food information station, with a directory by food security personnel in the field, videos, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, giving participants an insight into the safety control and stability of the supply of food in the Mainland, as well as the food security of the main part of the chain from the entrance to the market control, and learning about food safety in daily life.
About thirty minutes per meal, interested citizens may register with the Food Information Station of the Save the Han Trader Building on the first floor fifteen minutes prior to the start of the event, at full cost, with a limited number of places, on a first-come, first-served basis.
In the event of doubt, a query can be made by electro-food and security line 2833 8181 in office hours.
Official Upper-Middle New Network (MNNET) of the Silver-Integrated Civil Service Tax Payment Platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury
The bank of the Fujian provincial tax treasury is officially on-line.
On 27 September, the Fukui Prefecture Fuku Power (Yettyuyun) Fukuhai Prefecture Tax Depository was officially launched on 27 September in Fuku Prefecture.
Journalists learned that on 26 October 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, the Fuzhou Department of Revenue of the Fujian Province, and the China Silver Union Limited, jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a national tax-contribution platform to facilitate the construction of the provincial tax bank bank.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform is now successfully on-line.
The Director of the Treasury of the Fuzhou Centre of the People's Bank of China, Wang Dehui, introduced that the platform was based on the concepts of safety, generality, convenience, compliance and leadership, with front-end connections to tax, government, banking, non-bank payment agencies and social service providers, providing multiple tax-paying channels on the front-line of mobile phones APP, microconfidence public numbers, tax halls, banking points, inclusive financial service points, and back-end connections to the Treasury and the tax system.
According to information received, the platform brings together a number of people-friendly projects, in which urban and rural residents have paid for their health insurance.
The project opened 14 channels on-line to serve more than 30 million urban and rural residents of Fujian province, covering 76 per cent of the Fujian resident population.
Online, health insurance payments can be made through Labuan Taxpayer, Cloud Flash Payment, and AAPP, Microconfidence and the public number of banks; on-line payments can be made at tax halls in Fujian province and at rural financial services facilities in various ways, such as cleaning codes, branding cards and brush cards.
The Vice-President of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, Dong, stated that the platform's success was on the line and that it was possible to provide the public with a safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-modal tax and fee-paying service, while ensuring that government revenues were paid directly into the warehouse and that data information interacted in real time.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial services outlets across the province have more than 9,000 health-care check-ups, enabling rural residents to "be safe from the village" to pay health-care contributions, giving the public a growing "sensory" and "happiness".
According to statistics, the Platform's urban and rural residents have had 840,000 service users since 20 days of pre-testing of the project, including 750,000 online subscribers and nearly 20,000 subscribers to inclusive financial services points.
In addition, the Vice-Director of the Fujian Department of Revenue of the State Administration of Revenue, Forest State Mirror, revealed at the event that the platform was the first country-wide application of electronic payment voucher technology for block chains.
Beginning next month, the payer can also download electronic payment vouchers with seals directly from a mobile phone upon completion of the payment.
The Fujian Tax Information Network, based on block-chain technology, is being built, and the "highway" for public tax payments will be further widened.
The United States will deploy additional air defence systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Department of Defense announced on 26 June that, as a result of previous attacks on Saudi oil installations, the U.S. would deploy an additional "Patriot" air defence system, four Sentinel radar systems and about 200 U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia.
On the same day, the Pentagon stated in a statement that this deployment would enhance the air defence and anti-missile capabilities of key military objectives and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, as well as the United States military presence in the area.
The statement also stated that U.S. Secretary of Defense Esper had concurrently approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" anti-aircraft systems and a "Sade" anti-missile system in the preparatory deployment sequence.
Some U.S. defence media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, arguing that the main interception targets of the "Patriots" and "Sade" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the U.S. claimed to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President Ruhani said that Iran could help to maintain "security in the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil-transporting vessels through the Strait of Hormuz, provided that all countries enjoyed equal rights.
At the same time, he stressed that regional security could only be achieved if United States forces withdrew from the area.
On 14 July, several drones attacked two Saudi National Oil Company oil installations and caused fire.
The United States blamed Iran for the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
The President of Sélis held plans to complete the last year's call for an increase of 43% of his staff.
On the evening of 25 September, Sélis (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the company's de facto controller and director, had increased the company's shares by a total of 1,054,200, or 0.5139 per cent of the company's total share capital, by means of a pooled bidding transaction, and that the increase was in the amount of RMB 2,992,600 (including stamp tax, commissions, interest, etc.) and that the increase was completed.
It was reported that prior to the implementation of the increase, Wenwei held 8.58 million shares directly in Seleis, or 4.18% of the company's total stock, and the holding shareholder, Sino-American Science Instruments Ltd., Tianjin City (hereinafter "Tianjin Sino-American"), owned 82,483,500 shares of the company, or 40.06% of the company's total stock, and Wenwei held 66.06% of Tianjin Sino-American, which was the company's de facto control.
It is a matter of concern that this was not the first time that Sélis had sacrificed a profit.
In a short period of one year since September last year, Sélis successively introduced measures such as high-capacity growth, the Chairman's peddling of the initiative, the buy-back of shares, and equity incentives.
On 18 September last year, Sélis announced that the company's seven additional senior managers, such as Liu Wenhau, had accumulated 394,300 shares (0.1922 per cent of the company's total stock) in the company, totalling $7.022,900, and that the current plan for the increase had been completed.
Shortly afterwards, President Seleis and the real-world administrator made an initiative to increase the company's stock plans and promised to compensate for losses.
The period of the increase was 19 October to 31 October 2018 and the total amount of the company's shares increased to not more than $150 million, with the company's shares held continuously for more than 12 months, without reduction, and the employee was in service at the time of compensation.
Journalists corollary found that Sélis had a minimum share price of 14.02 yuan and a maximum of 16.44 yuan for the period of the initiative's employees, with a maximum surplus of 42.80 per cent and a minimum of 21.78 per cent at the Sélis disc price of 20.02 yuan on September 25.
On 21 January this year, Sélis again passed a buy-back to the company's shares program, announcing that the total amount to be used to buy back shares would be no less than 160 million yuan, and no more than 280 million yuan.
On 8 August of this year, the company issued the Sélis Restrictive Stock Incentive Plan (Draft) 2019, and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement showed that the equity incentive was based on 2018 operating income, with growth rates of not less than 30 per cent, 70 per cent, 120 per cent and 185 per cent for each of the four accounting years 2019-2022.
Seleys' performance in the first half of the year showed that the company maintained high growth and exceeded the 30 per cent performance growth unlocked this year.
In the first half of the year, business income was 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 562,324,000 yuan, an increase of 16.46 per cent over the same period.
For the five consecutive reporting periods since the 2018 report, Sélis's harvest increased by more than 38 percent, with a maximum increase of 59 percent.
In 2018, the company established a twin-core-driven coordinated development strategy based on medical testing intensive operation services (IVD operations), a breakthrough of the Medical Consumption Operations Service (SPD operations) and the Regional Testing Centre, which was upgraded iteratively to build on the advantages of the existing IVD operations and advance SPD operations.
Sélis told reporters that all three of Sélis's operations were steadily advancing in response to the trend towards medical improvement and rapid expansion.
In the area of SPD operations, in January of this year, Seleis announced the signing of a three-year contract with the People's Hospital of the City of Lindu and the Central Hospital of the City of Lindu for cooperation in the construction and day-to-day operation of the medical-consuming operating platform and management services.
In fact, Sélis is greatly expanding the SPD business by providing intensive services in medical facilities such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables for long-term income.
According to the above-mentioned sources.
On 17 September, according to the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network's Zhejiang Government Procurement Information Platform for the Purchase of Services in the Zhejiang Government, Sélis marked an "Extension of Logistics Services (with reagents) in the Hospital of Shaw Yef Hospital, affiliated with the Zhejiang University Medical School".
Pharmaceutical sector analysts have pointed out that the award is highly gold-containing, that Shao Yifu Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the JCI, and that the successful implementation of the project in the future is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, prior to Seleys's regional outreach, national strategic cooperation and mergers and acquisitions, the business map almost completed the operational regional coverage of the country's provinces.
Today, the Middle Shaof Hospital and the next city in Zhejiang should continue replicating the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year Sélis was also working in emerging areas such as industrial marijuana, block chain technology, etc.
Seventy-seven thousand volunteers from Beijing served on the national celebrations.
In order to ensure the smooth implementation of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic and civilization volunteers from Beijing will be officially placed on duty at No. 28, providing volunteer service at all points in the city of Beijing until 8 October.
Prior to that, the Beijing City Leading Group for the 70th Anniversary of the People's Republic of China had set up a special volunteer command and, in the previous period, had recruited and trained more than 160,000 highly qualified volunteers in universities, communities, businesses and all sectors of society in the areas of celebration of congresses, jubilee events, major achievement exhibitions, national celebration parks, and urban operations and security.
Of these, more than 78,000 were traffic civilization volunteers.
From 28 September to 8 October, 78,266 national traffic and civilization volunteers at 1,700 transport crossings and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transport hubs, served as traffic evacuations and traffic guides.
Two months after being detained by Iran, the British tanker Staner was finally released, and in the morning of 27 the ship departed Abbas, Iran, for international waters.
In mid-March, the British Overseas Territory authorities in Gibraltar had just released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time, the British tanker Staner left the port of Abbas for international waters in the Persian Gulf.
The Iranian port and shipping organization in Khormuzgan province confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made an official and written commitment and that they had no claim for compensation despite the arrest of the ship.
Swedish shipowner Stena Bulk of the Staner Empire also stated that the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, ship-tracking data from Refinitiv also revealed that the tanker began moving on 27 May and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
The spokesman for the company stated that the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
The British seized an Iranian tanker in Gibraltar for two weeks, and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the tanker Stena Impero on the Hormuz Channel.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal proceedings required for the release of the "Sdannah Empire" had been completed.
The Iranian side, however, indicated that the investigation was still ongoing.
A number of Iranian media outlets also released videos of the tanker's launch.
On 19 July, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British tanker, the "Sdannah Empire", in Iranian waters in the Khormuz Strait, before escorting it to the port of Abbas.
Iran was driven off Gibraltar's sea by the tanker Grace I.
In addition, on 4 July, the British Overseas Territory Gibraltar authorities seized the Grace I tanker carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace I.
This afternoon, a provincial conference on the theme of the review of the reorientation of undergraduate education was held in Changsha.
The Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Council, Ulan, stressed the need to increase political standing, strengthen political responsibility, take stock of the problems and improve the quality of the work of the Party for the Construction, Governance and Reform of Higher Education.
Ulan fully acknowledged the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges in the second series of thematic education.
She noted that the "First Heart, Keep the Mission" education was a major deployment in the central party, and that undergraduate colleges were required to study in depth the important message of the Secretary-General of Jinping on the subject of "First Heart, Keep the Mission" education.
From the strengthening of the "four consciousness", the "two defences", the political heights of the original mission, the careful completion of the various provisions of the subject education, in particular the series of issues examined in a solid manner, the integration of the school reform and development efforts, and the achievement of the "twofold promotion".
Ulan stressed the need to keep the blade in the direction, to look for the problem, to query the bid, to ask for advice from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society, to seriously and profoundly analyse the root causes, so as to clarify the direction of the effort and to improve the initiatives, and to make hard-won attempts to break down the problem, as required by the "four checks".
It is necessary to maintain precision, to strengthen real change, and to ensure that the word "reforms" permeates all time.
A combination of thematic education and the work of the "Little Tree" is needed to ensure that the problem is not lost, that it is zero-sum and that it is effective.
Sample and cure must be maintained, long-lasting mechanisms should be improved, the cage system should be strengthened, the rigidity of the system should be strengthened, and work should be regulated and regulated, and the system should be genuinely administered.
In keeping with the above, the leading cadres take the lead in strengthening doctrinal armament, taking the lead in carefully reviewing reorientation and taking the lead while doing so, playing a "critical minority" role as a demonstration and working to complete the task of reorienting the subject education.
Five higher education party committees, including Hunan University, were responsible for gay and provincial direct-related units and made statements to their peers.
The two main hypertension projects "Something Up" were put into operation
On 26 June, the Quasi-East to the Anhui-Anhui-Anhui-Nan ±1100 kV high volt high-pressure direct current transmission project, and the 1,000 kV high-pressure GIL integrated gallery in Suitung.
Both projects occupy the current high point in each of the world's electricity transmission technologies, and their delivery will result in significant improvements in the country's energy mix.
The National Energy Agency's chief economist, Guo Ji, stated that the Quasi-East to Anhui-Anhui-South Project was the most power-delivery and power-delivery project in the world.
Its delivery was important for the development of the Xinjiang energy base and the provision of electricity to the East China region.
GIL, a closed electrical transmission line for gas insulation metal.
The Suiteng Gallery Project created the GIL Project's highest global voltage-level record and highest transmission capacity, and implemented the "Communication Double Circle" ring of the East China Dry Network at the highest voltage level.
According to the National Electricity Grid Company, the Quasi-East to the Anhui-Anhui-South Project has a power transfer distance of 3,324 km.
Using conventional technology, more than 15 per cent of electricity will be lost while the project will be developed and developed, resulting in a significant increase in the economic transport distance to more than 3,000 km.
With the delivery of the Quasi-East to Anhui-Anhui-South Project, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, helping to break the absorption problem of the new energy available in Xinjiang.
It is estimated that this line will be running from 600 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours per year alone, which will cover more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity use.
The Souton GIL Integrated Gallery Project is a controlled high-pressure communication loop network across the Yangtze River.
A conventional air route across the river would require the erection of two large iron towers more than 450 metres above the Yangtze River and the construction of an artificial island of four soccer stadium size for each of the towers.
In response, the national electricity grid has boldly innovated, developing compact hypertension communication GIL transmission technology, and passing underwater through tunnels to avoid impact on gold lanes.
Two projects have led to new leapfrogs in the country's electrical manufacturing capacity.
At present, the National Grid has accumulated the "10-to-11-directional" hypertension project, and the "4-to-three-direction" project is under construction.
Foreign exchange bureaux: Sustained optimization of our external debt structure
"In general, the structure of our external debt continues to be optimized and the stability of our external debt has increased."
The press spokesman for the National Foreign Exchange Authority and the Economist-General Wang Chun Ying 27 stated that the main indicators of our foreign debt were within the internationally recognized security line and that the external debt risk was generally manageable.
Wang Spring-Ying made this statement in response to a question from a journalist when the foreign exchange agency published data on its external debt at the end of June 2019.
The data show that as at the end of June 2019, the country's total external debt balance (including foreign currency) was $1998 billion, an increase of $26.3 billion, or 1.3 per cent, compared with the end of March 2019, largely due to the growth in the debt securities balance.
In the second quarter of 2019, the country's full-calibre external debt grew by more than 70 per cent, driven by the purchase of domestic currency bonds by non-residents, who were mainly middle- and long-term investors such as the Central Bank.
By the end of June 2019, the medium- and long-term external debt had risen by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, and the local currency's external debt had risen by 1 percentage point compared to the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market continued to increase with the inclusion of the national currency bonds in the Bloombo Barclays Global Aggregate Index in April 2019.
"The country's balance of payments is generally balanced and the external debt risk is manageable."
Journalists learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on 27 that the Yunnan grassland greedy moth was now effectively protected, and that it did not cause large-scale riots, and that the control effort had been phased in.
In January of this year, Jiangcheng County, Yunnampu'er city, discovered for the first time grass moth from outside China, and subsequently confirmed in 129 Yunnan counties that it had spread from Yunnan to China, posing a direct threat to Chinese food production.
Grassland greed moth is an important agricultural pest in the tropics and subtropical regions of the Americas, and a major evangelized pest in the FAO Global Early Warning, with "international, evangelistic, eruptive and destructive characteristics".
The pest harms more than 80 crops, such as maize, sugar cane and sorghum, and can cause up to 70 per cent of the lost production.
It is difficult to prevent and treat, and there is no registered pesticide to treat the pest in China.
Since the invasion of Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected Eidong Fellows to lead the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences' agricultural cross-border harmful organisms in collaboration with the Green Control Department's innovation team, to travel to the first line, to conduct field surveys, to collect samples and to conduct technical guidance and test demonstrations.
Eidong's team has acquired initial population characteristics of the Yunnan grassland greed moth, sky trichlorfon resources, extraneous pests, population trajectories, drug toxicity and field control effects.
They have been active in green control technology research and applications, and have achieved more than 90 per cent control in demonstration areas through the implementation of new green prevention technologies such as population monitoring, insect booby-traps, scientific pharmacies and agronomic measures, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting natural enemy resources and the ecological environment, and providing technical safeguards for effective control of the eruption of grassland garbage moths and sustainable management.
At present, Yunnan grassland greedy moths have been effectively protected, with no major outbreaks, and the control has been phased in.
As a next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecology mechanism of population relocation and invasion, breaking through the bioprophylaxis and green control technology system.
At the same time, cross-border international cooperation has been actively promoted with a view to establishing joint priority laboratories and joint monitoring networks and demonstration areas outside the country in order to improve the monitoring and early warning capabilities of the full range of moths in the Yunnan grassland.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue on 30 September 2019 a set of silver coins with panda and pyramids for China's International Import Expo.
There are two gold and silver coins, one of which is gold and one silver, all of which are legal currencies of the People's Republic of China.
The gold and silver monument is described as the Beijing Temple of the Temple of the Temple, and is published in the national name, year and Chinese International Import Expo.
The reverse of the 8-g round gold commemorative coin is a panda map of the mother and son, with the words "8g Au.999" and "Chinese International Import Expo" in English.
The 30-g round silver commemorative coin has a panda diagram for the mother and son, with the words "30g Ag.999" and "Chinese International Import Expo" in English.
The eight-g round gold commemorative coins were reported to be universal, containing 8 g pure gold, 22 mm diameter, 100 yuan denominations, 99.9% colour, and the maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-g round silver commemorative coin is universal, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm diameter, 10 yuan denominations, 99.9% colour, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The gold and silver commemorative coin was struck by Shenyang Coins Co. Ltd. and sold by China Gold and Coins Corporation.
White Paper: China's way out of a development path appropriate to the national context
On 27 September, China's Beijing News Office of the State Council issued a White Paper on China and the World of the New Era.
The White Paper states that for 70 years, the Chinese people have struggled to explore and sharpen the front lines, successfully opening up the socialist path of China's identity and achieving remarkable development.
The White Paper states that China's development is based on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development was based on the true spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing" and the unimaginable struggle of generations to pay for the hard labour and sweating water of others; on the spirit of responsibility of "his own bearers to carry their own", whether in the future or in the face of adversity, not to export problems, not to marry contradictions, not to develop themselves by buying and plundering other countries; and on the spirit of exploration of "matching the stones over the river", not to follow the old imperialist, colonialist and Western models of national development, but rather to combine China's actual experience, lessons learned, to learn from human civilization, to brave into the test and to move on its own path.
The White Paper states that China has developed in its interaction with the world, that China's development has invested positive energy in world peace and development, and that China's paths are consistent with China's national circumstances and with the requirements of the times.
China maintains world peace through practical action.
For 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict and has not occupied an inch of the land of another country.
The White Paper states that the main reason for the great success of China's development over the past 70 years was to find the correct path of development of Chinese socialism, and to continue along that path with determination.
This is the path of establishing a State based on its own national circumstances, giving priority to the interests of its people, reforming innovations, pursuing common development in open spaces and fully governed by the rule of law.
China, which was immense in size and complex in its country, had little governance difficulty and had no unified and strong leadership, and would move towards division and dissolution, causing disaster to the world.
According to the White Paper, over 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created another Chinese miracle of world interest.
In particular, since its 18th largest Chinese nation, China has achieved historic achievements in its development and has undergone historic changes, and the Chinese nation has embraced a great leap from standing up, richer to strong, closer to the great goal of national revival than ever before.
This path of development in China will increasingly show bright prospects for development as the times progress.
The World Bulletin Declaration was co-published by textile representatives from 45 countries and territories.
At the Second World Buffalo Conference in 2019 in the Koqiao district of Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Buffalo Declaration.
The declaration stated that, for the future, the countries concerned would work together to promote the quality of the world's textile industry by maintaining an open, synergistic, science- and technology-driven and leapfrogging.
The Conference brought together approximately 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions, exploring sustainable development and a win-win path for global textile industry around the trends in the textile industry in the world economic landscape.
The President of the China Textile Industry Federation, Sun Ritzer, said that the current global division of labour, trade patterns, and innovation patterns were undergoing profound adjustments, and the textile industry had entered a new phase of globalization, innovation and responsible development, and the concept of "science and technology, fashion, green" was deepening.
Stating at the "crossroads" of the global textile transition, Sunrise said, "The industry needs the active involvement of global textiles, the directors and the sharing of benefits if it is to achieve sustainable development and shared prosperity."
At the conference, representatives of the textile industry in 45 countries and regions co-published the World Bulletin Declaration, which sets out global textile industry development goals and visions.
As stated in the World Bulletin, for the future, the countries concerned will continue to be open, continue to promote industrial and market connectivity and work together to improve the level of industrial chain development; will be technologically and technologically driven, and will continue to strengthen basic, applied and technological research and transformation, and will work together to upgrade the industrial base; and will be able to make a leap forward in the agglomeration, making full use of textiles and clothing as cultural carriers and bridges of civilization, in order to enhance the cultural value of the industry.
The President of the Brazilian Association of fashion designers, Loureno Bartholomei, was interviewed that the publication of the World Bulletin Declaration had helped countries to raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
As an example, Loureno Bartholomei stated that the Brazilian Association of fashion designers had over 130 high-end local clothes brands, and that the designers were committed to designing fashion and high-end clothing products, while Coca Bridge had various types of finished clothing, "We also looked forward to reaching out to the excellent suppliers of Coca Bridge to seek more opportunities for cooperation."
As the venue of the World Buffalo Congress, Coca Bridge has the largest textile market in the world, and is now gradually constructing a new pattern of upgrading and opening up to the internal archive, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world with its unique textile industry chain.
Coca Bridge District Secretary Shen Zhijiang said that Coca Bridge would be an opportunity to move the textile industry forward in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win manner as a pioneer.
The median price of the renminbi, measured by Reuters, was set at 460 points near the reverse cycle of $7.0883.
According to the currency exchange rate formation mechanism published by the China Foreign Exchange and Exchange Centre (CFETS), the coins are expected to run near the median price of 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a decline of about 154 points from the previous day.
The previous exchange rate was $7.1315 against the United States dollar, while the median price was $7.072.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of median price changes today reflect the market's supply and demand impact, while 27 points reflect the number of points needed for the basket of exchange rates to remain largely constant overnight; and 460 points of increase reflect the "reverse cycle factor".
The median value of the previous Japanese yuan to the United States dollar, as measured by Reuters, was 7.0947 yuan, and the difference of 218 points between the actual value published by the Foreign Exchange Exchange Exchange Centre.
The CFETS index, the SDR (special drawing rights) basket index and the BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index are 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
Completion of the Tianjin Zhou Daifu construction in the 1st tallest building in northern China
The 26th afternoon ceremony of the completion of the Tianjin Zhou Tai Fuku Financial Center in the 1st Tianjin High Building, China, marked the success of the construction of the skyscrapers in the area of the Synergy Platform for the Synergy of the High-Precision BIM Model, an architectural information model that was independently developed by the Project Department of the Zhoujin Zhou Fuku Financial Center in China.
The Tianjin Zhou Dafort Financial Center, located in the Tianjin City Economic and Technological Development Area, has a total construction area of 390,000 square meters, four floors, 100 floors, and 530 meters height, covering the A-class office, luxury apartments, super-five-star hotels and so on, and will become an important part of the Tianjin international landmark complex.
The relevant head of the project department of the eight-part Tianjin Zhou Zhou Fuku Financial Centre Project described the total amount of steel over 70,000 tons, the approximately 376,000 metres of welding equivalent to 425 peaks in high altitudes, 40 laps around Earth with welding windows, 42,000 steel components and more than 50 per cent non-marked steel tubes, including the world's largest single-story distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The Tianjin Jubilee Steel Structure was unprecedented in its complexity and difficulty of processing.
According to industry sources, the Tianjin Zhou Dafort Financial Centre (Tianjin) was the first to implement the full scope of the management of the Building Information Model (BIM) in the construction or construction of skyscrapers throughout the country.
Creative presentation and successful implementation of full participation, full professional application, and full-process implementation of the "three-round BIM application" model resulted in the development of a synergistic management platform based on a high-precision BIM model.
The head of the project stated that during the construction of Zhou Dafort, the project department would begin with the construction of the BIM in the virtual world, after scientific verification and physical construction, thereby removing the potential for demolition and re-engineering in the construction of the previous building.
In 2017, the BIM Innovative Outcomes of the Zhou Dafort Financial Center project won the first award from the Construction Group of the Global Engineering and Construction Industry Award at the Global AU Masters Exchange and the 2017 Global Award for Excellence in the Construction Industry.
During the construction of the project, the Ministry created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that the Tianjin Jubilee Project BIM Innovation and Science and Technology Innovation (STI) promoted not only the completion of an excellent one-time complex and complex construction chain, the shortening of the construction period by more than four months, but also significant improvements in security management.
Shortly before, the Tianjin Chuku Fuku Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Prize.
Law enforcement was completed during the 86th Intermediate-Myanmar Mekong Joint Patrol.
The journalist was informed by the Press Office of the Yunnan Public Security Department that at 1530 hours on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th Mekong Mekong Joint Patrol in China and the Republic of Laos successfully docked at the Guangdé port in China, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guantánamo on 24 April, four days and three nights, with 136 law enforcement officers and six law enforcement boats from China and Thailand.
During the operation, formations carried out joint patrols, counter-narcotics campaigns and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Bango, Laos and Monmo.
In addition, China dispatched a corps of police fact-finding instructors to the Lao People's Army (LPA) 122, 133 border guards to exchange police operational skills and effectively enhance the emergency response capacity of law enforcement officers from both sides to jointly handle unexpected incidents.
The four countries of China and Thailand also held law enforcement cooperation exchange meetings in Thein Sein, Thailand, where they shared information on recent national consultations on border management, the fight against drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong Basin, and agreed on a common understanding on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation; and organized four national cultural exchange activities, competitions such as football, rattan, iron balloons and rivers, effectively promoting mutual understanding among law enforcement teams and law enforcement cooperation and friendship among the four countries.
The head of the Water Patrol Brigade of the Yunnan Public Security Department described that, following the operation, both sides would continue to conduct a 10-day joint field and sub-circuit mission to raise the Mekong police presence and make every effort to maintain security and stability in the Mekong River basin.
The Commander-in-Chief of Thailand stated that since the inception of the Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement, the four countries of China, Myanmar and Thailand had been closely engaged, deepening practical cooperation and achieving fruitful results in a number of areas, such as law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchange.
It was to be hoped that the Quartet's law enforcement cooperation would continue to expand in furtherance of efforts to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries and make a new contribution to the maintenance of security and stability in the Mekong River basin.
Iran's Defence Minister, Amir Khatami, stated on 25 May that he was opposed to any agreement with the West on Iran's missile project.
The news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, citing Khatami's words, reported that any agreement with the United States on the Iranian "missile force" would undermine the capability of the Iraqi side.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders supported missile improvement projects.
The agreement reached between Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015 and the withdrawal of the United States from the agreement and the resumption and reinforcement of sanctions against Iran last May sought to pressure Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement with a view to restricting Iran's weapons projects and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate U.S.-I. tensions.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Prime Minister Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Marcron met on the margins of the General Assembly.
Following the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on 24 May that Iran was willing to discuss "small changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifted the sanctions.
List of directors of the Tokyo International Film Festival
The Chinese-language newspaper publishes the film Under the White Cloud, directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Institute, as the only Chinese-language film to be included in the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival host competition, which opened on 28 October, and will run the highest award at the Tokyo International Film Festival along with 13 other short-listed films—the King Kirin Award.
Under the White Cloud is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, "Domo Lee Mannai", about a living dilemma of a common Mongol pastoralist husband and wife due to the differences in the quest for life, starring Mongol actor Jizhimoto and Tana.
It was reported that Under the White Cloud had two global premieres during the current film festival, which were released on 31 October and 3 November, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to take place from 28 October to 5 November this year, at the six Junku and Hibie Valley venues in Tokyo, and on the afternoon of 26 September, the Film Festival Organizing Committee held a press conference, officially announcing the main competition modules of the Golden Monocerin Award, the "Asia's Future" module, the "Special Hotels", the Japanese Cinema Splash, the World Focus, and the list of films from companies.
The winner of the competition presented China's participation in the film Bai Yun.
He is the president of the international jury for the film show's main competition.
The "Asian Future" module has 3 Chinese-language films
In a series of Tokyo International Film Festival units, it was placed second only to the main contesting film's "Asian Future" module, although there were only eight short-lived films, six fewer than the main competition, but three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong.
Two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" by Land, "May the Road" by Guo Fu City and Yang Qing by Huang Qing, and "Summer and Night Knight" by the mainland film.
In addition, a mid-Japanese cooperative action adventure film, "Glacial Storm", featuring the rest of the non-directed service, Guang Jinchu, and Limbahong, will also be released at the current film festival as a "special reception".
The film festival spokesman and "Goddess" Alice Murase, who was absent from the press conference, gave a video message.
He is a famous director of Yamada.
At the press conference, the director of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yukang Ando, who had just taken office in August of this year, the director of the film festival Director, and the director of the various units, made speeches on the purpose of the festival and the film's release.
As a special guest to the press, the opening film – Tora-san's 50th film, "The Story of Tora-san: Welcome Return", director Yoshida Yamada, two Japanese film directors of the main contest unit, Takasuka (Barlopola), Falcon (Comedy A Wife Language), and well-known screenwriter and screenwriter Yoshima, also appeared at the press conference, where they spoke about the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury team of the main competition unit was composed of five members, with the chairman of the jury being China's Jubilee, with four other members being American producer Bill Gueber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Nor, and Japanese director Guangmulun I.
In addition, the FIFFCOM (International Mapping Market), which was held in tandem with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held from 22 to 24 October at the Yang Guangcheng Convention Center in Ichukou, and this year will have a record 401 group stalls, especially 90 from China, a sharp increase of 6.4 times from 14 last year.
To this end, FIFFCOM specifically designated 22 October of the opening day as "CHINA DAY", held lectures, seminars, etc. and invited Japanese director Yuki Ishii to participate in the event, and the welcoming dinner was co-hosted by China Day on the evening.
Expansion of the Chengdu Panda Planet and the Big Panda Breeding Research Base
On September 27, the Xinhua News Agency (Journalist Li Qianwi) enriched the Panda cultural theme tour route, and the Panda Base would be able to accommodate 180 Panda in the future, with the expansion of the Panda Planet and Panda Breeding Research Base, which officially began work in Chengdu, meaning that the "Panda Capital" project was planned for construction.
It is planned that Chengdu's "Panda Capital" is made up of three areas in the North Lake, the Dujiang Yan and the Longquan Mountains, covering an area of 69 square kilometres.
The plan combines the ecological, cultural and cultural values of the Great Panda with the creation of an ecological home for the Big Panda park city.
The "Panda Planet" is part of the northern lake area, which covers 35 square kilometres, and is designed in conjunction with industry to form a regional space structure called 1+N+X.
One core attraction, the Big Panda Breeding Research Base, was renovated and expanded; N cultural tourism consumption scenes were created, i.e. Panda Town, Gateway, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure facilities.
With the expansion of the Chengdu Big Panda Breeding Research Base, the total size will be 3,525 acres, which will be the world-class Panda Protector's Demonstration Area, where people and animals will share a place of good time.
The park plan can accommodate 180 large panda and their associated animals (Panda and Golden Ribkey).
According to China's Voice of the Central Radio and Television (CRT) News and Newspaper Abstracts, several international dignitaries and ambassadors congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary and highly valued its development achievements and its importance for global development.
In a special interview with journalists from the Central Radio and Television Directorate, President Keita of Mali stated that he had visited China on several occasions and that China's development achievements over the past 70 years had been staggering and had benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed in self-interest, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the peoples of the world.
We want all success in China, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Birthday happiness, blessing China!
Prime Minister Mottley of Barbados said that he wished the People's Republic of China happiness on his birthday.
To the people of China.
I will never forget that day, because it is also my birthday.
Earlier (25 days), ambassadors to China and representatives of international organizations in China from more than 130 countries visited "The Great Journey of the Great Patriotic Achievements—a major exhibition of achievements celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
The Russian ambassador to China, Denisov, said that he personally saw the starting point for China's reform and opening policy, and that progress had been too great in comparison with the situation today and more than 40 years earlier.
In addition, my embassies and consulates in various countries have recently held a number of local events to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends offered their blessings to China.
On September 26, Hundred announced that an unmanned "level 4" fully automated leasing convoy Robotaxi would be launched on a specific road in Changsha, Hunan Province.
A pilot operation was also launched in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, for the start-up of the Automatic Carriers Enterprise.
The pilot operation of automated taxis, supported by the Chinese Government, will be expanded in various locations.
Since 26th, the pilot operation has been carried out using 45 automated taxi cars, and passengers from Changsha may apply for travel through a dedicated website.
There are "safeguards" on the gallery to ensure the safety of passengers.
The number of roads provided for pilot operation was 50 km by the end of 2019 and is planned to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle was a pure electric motor vehicle of the Chinese Automobile Group "Red Flag EV" and was equipped with systems such as the Apollo Plan, which was established 100 times and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, the 100th Apollo program was attended by more than 150 Germans, Germans, Daimler, Ford Motors, Intel, Microsoft, USA, and Great Britain.
With regard to China's automated taxi, China's largest network bus service provider drops off to launch 30 automated taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai during the year.
Automatic driving competition in China will become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars argue that Taiwanese merchants of the "era of uncertainty" need to keep pace with the mainland's development of mainstream industries
The 2019 Forum on Innovative Business Patterns was held in Taipei for two days on 26 and 27 February.
A number of desk representatives and scholars were invited to share experiences on business transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business Administration and was co-sponsored by organizations such as the Group Golden Ding Securities and the Outstanding Continental Taipei Friendship.
The two-day meeting was organized into several workshops, including the Transformative Upgrading Modalities and Business Strategies, with more than 100 participants.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Business Administration, said that Chinese-American trade friction persisted and Taiwanese merchants faced "a period of uncertainty".
In his view, desktops needed to keep up with the mainstream industries of continental development, paying particular attention to innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"Past Taiwanese merchants have focused on quality, effectiveness and delivery."
According to Chen Mingzhang, the only conditions mentioned above are not sufficient.
He stated that Taiwanese firms were more likely to combine speed and service, speed up supply chains and focus on extension services and life product services.
In addition, "services added value" is a new area in which desktops can develop significantly.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chair of the Board of Directors of Taiwan Shu Wen Hall, Guangdong's Taiwan Shu Memoir Electronics Company Limited, said that Amo Electronics had experienced operational difficulties as a result of the abrupt reduction of orders, and that the group had started to improve its operations from a variety of orientations, including tone structures, activated assets, etc.
Receipt of traditional appliances, switching to electronic equipment, and moving into the smart home electric industry took three years for businesses.
The Managing Director of Sunshine Electronics Limited, White Hong Zhang, suggested that if it was difficult to develop a new client, it would be better to provide one-stop service to Focushawn clients.
Clients switch to suppliers that are not only poorly serviced, high prices, low quality, slow delivery, low varieties, and good faith issues, provided they are addressed, together with the appropriate re-engineering of production lines and expansion of product lines, the enterprise itself becomes a non-replaceable supplier to the customer.
On 27 May, the "2019 Distinguished Continental Taipei Businessman Award" ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business Administration, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, the Managing Director of the Golden Land Company, which operates at the centre of the operation in Shanghai, Lu Zhuang was awarded the "Great Boilers and Cross-Straits Contributions Award".
Consultation on the new regulations: Quality of social capital for rural land ownership
Qualification of social capital for rural land ownership
Publicly solicited advice on the proposed regulation of the transfer of social capital, such as business enterprises, to land ownership
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development website published a public consultation note on "Rural land tenure transfer management practices (revised draft for comments)" (hereinafter referred to as "the draft opinion") which increased regulation and risk protection for social capital flows, such as business enterprises, to access land tenure.
The Draft Opinion is now openly sought from the community.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, in order to implement the newly amended Rural Land Contracting Act, further consolidate and improve the rural basic operating system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "triple-rotation" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has revised the rural land contracting rights transfer management scheme, resulting in a draft opinion.
The Beijing Youth Journal reporter learned of several important changes to the Draft Opinion, which was first published.
The newly amended Rural Land Contracting Act defines the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "triple-rotation", devotes separate sections to "land contracting" and "land operating rights", and makes a clear distinction between the transfer, interchange and transfer of land ownership (renting, subcontracting, equity or other means).
In this draft, in order to give effect to the concept of "triple-rotation" and to respond effectively to the thrust of the amendments to the Rural Land Contracting Act, and taking into account the considerable differences between land-rotation and land-contracting rights, transfer between the parties, procedures and regulations, this revision defines the range of shifts, focusing on land-rotting, including through rent, equity, etc., and the name of the regulations was changed from the Rural Land-Contracting Transfer Management Scheme to the Rural Land-Control Transfer Management Scheme.
The transfer and interchange of rights to land contracting will be regulated separately.
The Draft Opinion states that in the context of the "triple separation of powers", farmers' shareholding is only a fixed-term right to land.
In theory, even in the event of a bankruptcy settlement, the farmers were only at risk of losing their business rights for a certain period of time, and there was therefore no need to provide for a contractual return to the original contractor in law, and there was a conflict with the Bankruptcy Act.
With regard to the protection of farmers against the risk of land loss, priority shares, pre-rental shares, repurchase and so forth have been introduced in practice.
Considering that priority units are well-developed doctrines in company law, it is recommended that they be used as an advocacy provision to protect against the risk of equity loss.
