State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of southern Jiangxi.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme of "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission", the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research activity on "State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises enter the old revolutionary areas in southern Jiangxi" to revisit the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inherit the red gene, carry out the matching of the needs of relevant enterprises with those of Ganzhou and promote the accelerated development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Deputy Director of the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Deputy Minister of the Central General War Department, Party Secretary and Deputy Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee, participated in the research.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 Minkou state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 dominant private enterprises such as Yanxiang Group.
During this period, the researchers visited the memorial park of the starting place of the Long March of the Central Red Army, paid homage to the martyrs of the revolution, received the traditional education of the revolution, reviewed the difficult course of the Long March period of the Red Army, conducted on-site research on seven enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou City, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed on-site contracts.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defence Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Jinli Yong Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd. made statements on behalf of Military Industry Group Co., Minkou State-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, respectively, saying that they will continue to strengthen the work of matching the needs of state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises with Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, help the transformation and upgrading of industries and promote the high-quality development of the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas in southern Jiangxi, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises in serving the people and starting businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation mode, structural adjustment, benefiting people's livelihood and promoting the quality change, efficiency change and dynamic change of economic development in the former Central Soviet Area in southern Jiangxi.
Beijing market supervision department carries out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival commodity prices are basically stable
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and law enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau inspected more than 2,000 households of various business subjects on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the market sold sufficient supplies of grain, oil, meat, fruit, vegetables, egg milk and other necessities of life, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the Bureau has launched a "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" throughout the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other all-element and all-link law enforcement inspections in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively standardize the market operation order.
According to introduction, five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, such as price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, worked together and worked closely together. The heads of various law enforcement agencies led the team and conducted joint law enforcement inspections of some randomly selected business subjects in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The regional market supervision bureaus also simultaneously organized and carried out joint law enforcement inspections. A total of more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel were deployed to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business subjects. The inspection showed that the market sold sufficient supplies of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg milk and other necessities of life, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations of the law were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said that during the National Day period, it will strengthen emergency duty, continuously carry out inspection and inspection of the market, quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision problems in accordance with the law, and once the business illegal acts reported by the people are verified, it will seriously deal with them in accordance with the law and earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences was unveiled
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was unveiled and an award ceremony was held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on the 26th.
Zhong Qifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council and president of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented awards to the winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted two months. The participants were Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and university students (including social personnel).
Zhong Qifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form an evaluation committee. Through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, they finally selected one first-class award, two second-class awards, three third-class awards and 10 excellent awards in the university group; one first-class award, five second-class awards, 10 third-class awards and 20 excellent awards in the primary and secondary school group.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, said that he had studied Chinese for 15 years and had a great influence on himself.
Through the essay competition, it is to describe in words the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the younger generation will continue to add bricks to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows the guests and the winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in the heart" through the words of her ancestral country and won the award, with different excitement.
The organizers said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report states that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with the major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first-generation IR-1 centrifuge to refine uranium.
The other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage the deal, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Mogi held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, where he visited the United States. He confirmed that he would promote the conclusion of negotiations on a peace treaty covering the territorial issues of the four northern islands (the disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "four northern islands" in Japan and the "South Kuril Islands" in Russia), and develop relations between the two countries in a wide range of political, economic and other fields. The two sides also agreed to coordinate Maomu's visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This is the first consultation with Russia since Maomu took office as Foreign Minister, as the head of the negotiations for the conclusion of a peace treaty.
"Including the promotion of common economic activities (on the four northern islands), we hope to hold effective consultations," Maomu told the Russian side.
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit in December 2018, the policy of accelerating negotiations between the two foreign ministers as responsible persons was confirmed.
At the meeting, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
"I hope it will be successfully implemented and lead to the next step," Mogi said in anticipation of the pilot tourism business scheduled for October.
In addition, the talks confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the meeting of foreign ministers of the Group of Twenty (G20) in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nuku'alofa: On the 27th, the Parliament of Tonga, an island country in the South Pacific, elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the MATANGI website, Tonga's main media, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa was elected with 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Semisi Sika.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of powers between the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Tuionetoa also had to accept the king's appointment.
The next Tongan parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back to the city by their opponents after winning two innings in a row, and finally beat the Netherlands 3-1, ushering in a nine-game winning streak.
The World Cup schedule is drawing to a close. Although defending the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team still cannot be taken lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two innings of the match against the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever. They went down to the two cities at 25:19 and 25:16 respectively. Until the third inning, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the aggressiveness of the service when they were behind. The Chinese team was hit in the first pass. Together with the girls' eagerness to attack, the mistakes also began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back to the city by their opponents at 21:25.
After the match, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third inning, we sent about 8 points because of the mistake."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although they lost one inning, everything is still under Lang Ping's control. "It is normal to win or lose a game with a strong team and it is normal to play five innings, so we said to the players to focus on it," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth inning, the players actively adjusted their state. Zhang Changning opened fire on the offensive end and scored 8 points in a single inning, making a great contribution to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11-round confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound a wake-up call to the Chinese women's volleyball team in the game against the Netherlands: the more critical the moment, the more we should do our best.
In another match on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played five innings. The United States team failed to score all three points from their opponents. Thus, as long as the Chinese women's volleyball team scored all three points in the game against Serbia, it could defend the title one round ahead of schedule.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all six major players of the Serbian team are missing, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the current form of the standings, the Serbian team has basically failed to win a medal, which means that they can "play lightly" against the Chinese women's volleyball team and put down their burdens to hit their opponents. While the Chinese team is under pressure to win the title, their condition may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbia team is not a lamb to be "slaughtered". In the previous game against the Netherlands, the two sides fought five innings. Serbia II finally reversed the whole main team of the Netherlands 3-2, which shows the depth of its squad.
Before the start of the third stage of the competition, Lang Ping also said that both the Dutch and Serbian teams were not easy to deal with: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare carefully as always."
Now that the horn of defending the title has been sounded, the game has really entered the "white-hot stage".
In terms of strength, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above their opponents. It is only the last critical juncture. It also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves heartily on the field.
The University of Macau held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" today (27), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao and other countries and regions engaged in the research field of "external stem cells" to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students in Macao universities.
Ge Wei, Vice-Chancellor (Research) of AUS, said that stem cell research has medical value and is one of the key research projects of AUS. This seminar will help promote the research and development of Macao in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao and the Greater Bay Area, AUS is committed to building a talent training base and science and technology innovation center on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovative development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote the research and development of stem cells in Macao.
Deng Chuxia, Dean of the School of Health Sciences of AUS, said that AUS has continuously strengthened its scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years. It has also significantly improved the number and quality of papers. AUS has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared the cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of the School of Primate Transformation of Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process of using 3D culture system to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro and their molecular mechanisms; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cells of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained the spatial and temporal changes in cell lineage decisions and tissues of mouse embryos after implantation from single-cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University, showed you how to use biological material hydrogel to simulate stem cell micro-nests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Vice-Dean (Research) of the Australian University School of Health Sciences, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Chinese Medical Research Institute of Australian University, also introduced their latest important results.
The "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" was organized by the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-organized by the Chinese Medical Research Institute of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macau. Chen Jing'an, Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, participated in the meeting.
The seminar consisted of 11 academic reports, including embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, mechanism research and transformation application of stem cells, biological materials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm. Participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in Dawan District and other regions, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony of awarding the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held in the Great Hall of the People at 10 a.m. on September 29.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Order of the Republic", the "Medal of Friendship" and the National Medal of Honor to the recipients of the National Medal and the National Honor, respectively, and deliver important speeches.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic".
The "Order of the Republic" takes red and gold as the main colors. The seal adopts elements such as the national emblem, the five-pointed star, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, mountains and peonies. The chain adopts elements such as Chinese knots, Ruyi and orchids. The whole is made of cold-pressed molding, silk mosaic and enamel. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the recipients of the medal to the construction and development of the Republic.
This is the "Order of Friendship".
The "Medal of Friendship" is in the main colors of gold and blue. The chapter body adopts elements such as peace dove, earth, handshake and lotus. The chapter chain adopts elements such as Chinese knot, evergreen, peony, jade and orchid. As a whole, it is made by hand using traditional techniques such as silk mosaic and silk enamel. It symbolizes the friendship, unity and long-lasting friendship between the Chinese people and the people of all countries, and wishes all countries in the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Medal of Honor is composed of five-star, Tiananmen, peony, flag, light and other elements. The chain is made of Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. It is made of cold-pressed molding, filament mosaic and enamel. It symbolizes the great contributions made by the recipients of the National Medal of Honor in various fields and industries, demonstrates the leading role of demonstration, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country to work tirelessly for the realization of the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The award ceremony will be broadcast live by the Central Radio and Television General Station and Xinhua Network. The key news websites of the Central Government, such as People's Network, CCTV Network and China Network, and new media platforms such as People's Daily Client, Xinhua Client and CCTV News Client will be broadcast simultaneously.
"For 70 years, the containment and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological superiority," Stoltenberg said in a speech at the United States Military Academy at West Point.
But times are changing, he said.
"The competition is getting tougher and tougher," Stoltenberg said.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will overtake us."
"Some new technologies have not been developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries," he said.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and is investing heavily in developing the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles."
Stoltenberg said NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technologies."
On September 24, the "A boat ticket to take me to see" love and disability assistance event was held at the head of Orange Island, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star cruise ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who took part in the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a disabled person. He rarely goes out because his feet are inconvenient.
"Today, for the first time, I took a cruise ship to enjoy the splendor of the Xiangjiang River at close range and feel the development pulse of Changsha. I am very excited and unforgettable," he said.
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Center and the Blue Sky Rescue Team in Changsha provided meticulous services to the disabled.
Especially for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them to and from the cruise ship.
The relevant person-in-charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of socio-economic development. Caring for and helping persons with disabilities and caring for and supporting the cause of persons with disabilities have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlights of various media are suddenly lit, allowing many images that we do not usually remember to shine-it is they who bring heat and light to our shining days...
However, if the hero walks around, he also looks as ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping devoted himself to rice research, raised good seeds and plowed all over the world, so that more than a billion Chinese people would no longer be at risk of starvation. This man is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the fields. Nanrendong, the chief scientist who makes China's "heavenly eyes" angry, does only one thing in his life. He nibbles cold steamed bread in the deep mountains of Guizhou, just like the old man in the stockade. Zhou Ruchang, a red scholar, a village boy who was very late in his life, was still like a red child in his old age. He studied all over China and the West, with shaggy white hair, and liked to clatter and laugh when talking about learning. Qin Yi, a film artist in the middle of the red sky, over the age of 90, still bumps on the plateau for six or seven hours a day in order to rehearse, and is willing to play an unknown old maidservant in "The Story of the Goblin"...
They, seeking kindness, live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they are immersed in the cause that outsiders do not understand and they cherish themselves, they will easily be happy and do not care about fame, wealth and prosperity.
Like Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk of the Tibetan Sutra Pavilion in Shaolin Temple, although he embraces amazing martial arts, does not dazzle, has no joy or sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red hearts, has a share of the responsibility of his family and country behind him.
The responsibility of home and country is not only carried on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of Chinese people.
Once, the words of a female high school student were wildly turned by netizens. "When a hero passes by, someone will always sit by the side of the road and clap... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting by the side of the road and clapping."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
People who applaud by the side of the road are also transmitting heat and light. They are also luminous bodies.
Ordinary as you are like me, there are always some opportunities in life, some moments, a kind of accumulation over time, also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an excellent judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, but at the annual meeting, he asked the teacher of the communication room to come to the stage to tell his story. He received and sent countless newspaper letters a year. He never made a mistake. "Doing simple things well is not simple". Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the old "sweep monk"-style receiving and sending.
This is a pity between heroes. One hero is applauding another.
The sweeping monks have the Shaolin Temple Tibetan Sutra Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nanrendong has a "heavenly eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a forum... whether you can be a hero depends not only on your own efforts, but also on a good environment and a positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China's Sky Eye" now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese scientific and technological community was still struggling to climb the slope, and novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Body".
At that time, the most bullish "eye" was Arecibo, a one-sided radio telescope in the valley of the American island of Puerto Rico, 350 meters in diameter, considered the largest in the "insurmountable" world.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less than one-tenth the diameter of others.
Nanrendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insists on returning home and brings back a near-crazy idea: building a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
China is ready to spend a lot of money to play with the stars?
The motherland trusts Nanrendong, and the "Sky Eye" project has a vast opening.
It took 12 years to select the site and another nine years to complete the project.
With the opening of the 500-meter-caliber "Sky Eye", China has made a "great scientific project unique to the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "Sky Eye" is great, the Nanren East is great, and the Republic with a large face and a high telescope is great.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanren East has the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the heart of the people.
Some young talents and white-haired heroes walked affablely, and some people applauded gently by the side of the road. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage classification education first entered Jilin kindergarten environmental protection concept from the doll
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education course to teach young children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Local-level Urban Domestic Waste in Jilin Province".
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot of the compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we will realize the effect of driving the family with young children and the society with kindergartens, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Hi Fan Er International Kindergarten Executive Director Liu Lijuan, who organized the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the park read out an environmental protection initiative, hoping that the classification of garbage will start with children.
After performing the dance of "Low Carbon Beibei", the children played a small game of garbage sorting in groups.
The instructor also issued a "recyclable" "other garbage" label, advising children to stick the label to the garbage can and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low carbon and green environmental protection, and regularly opened environmental protection lecture halls.
A sortable garbage can has also been set up at the garbage disposal site in the park, which is marked with the type of discharge.
The teacher taught the children what is recyclable garbage geese.
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of urban domestic waste generated in Jilin Province in 2018 was about 5,465,200 tons, all of which went into domestic waste disposal sites for treatment.
Of these, 3,292,900 tons were sanitary landfilled, 2,092,300 tons were incinerated, and 801,000 tons were treated by comprehensive utilization process.
After years of efforts, all cities and counties in the province have the capability of harmless disposal of domestic waste.
In the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Local-level Urban Domestic Waste in Jilin Province", which has been issued, it is clearly required to carry out in-depth activities such as garbage classification into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and strengthen the interaction between students and parents by creating garbage classification songs, ballads, comics, micro-videos and other works, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and training a new generation".
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117,015 vehicles.
Due to the impact of inadequate delivery of new models and reduced price reductions, sales in China fell by 21%.
Japan's domestic sales fell by 6%, and demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
In August, Mazda's sales in China were 17,729 vehicles.
In August 2018, it was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decline.
Sales of China's dedicated main SUV "CX-4" decreased by 14%.
A long time has passed since the launch of the "CX-4" in 2016, and the effect of the new car has declined.
As a result of the strategy of raising brand value from a long-term perspective and reducing price reduction, it is also known to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year-on-year to 27,482 vehicles, a 14-month increase.
In August, the seller's business day was one day more than the previous year. Together with "strengthening publicity and other promotional activities" (Mazda), the sales of SUV "CX-5" and so on increased.
Japan's domestic sales fell 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said the emergency rush before the tax increase "did not reach the level of the last (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
The legacy of Chirac's death
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac died suddenly at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in a great change that has not been seen in a century, the French politician still deserves our praise for the many political legacies he left when he came to power.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years in a very charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of de Gaulleism, but also firmly supported European integration, and was a representative figure in the pursuit of the "European Dream".
At the same time, he also strongly advocated world multipolarity and multilateralism, and was a politician with a strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media described him as "France's outstanding representative on the world stage".
One of Chirac's favorite political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France, together with Germany, resisted American pressure and was at the forefront of the anti-war effort.
A year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to an intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was correct.
At a time when European integration is at a standstill and the unilateralism of the United States is becoming more and more prominent, looking back on the past, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs undoubtedly have strong enlightenment significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and kind.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of China-France relations. After being elected President of France for the first time in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of China-France relations with the strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a brand-new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France grew rapidly. The cooperation between the two countries in many fields such as aviation, nuclear energy and railway transport has made breakthrough progress.
The Sino-French Cultural Year, initiated by Chirac, has created a brand-new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love of Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"If you don't look at the pyramids, you don't really go to Egypt. If you don't look at the Qin terracotta, you don't really go to China"-this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, Chirac said, "The West has some concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political status in the world.
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization. Its experience is enough to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time."
I also believe that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to the world culture and enrich the world culture.
The people are gone, but the political legacy and inspiration that Chirac left to the world will last forever.
With the theme of "Gathering the Valley of Light and Enjoying the Future", the "Seventh Academic Conference on Big Data of the China Computer Society" was opened in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly 1,000 experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference, organized by the China Computer Society (CCF) and co-sponsored by the Committee of Experts on Big Data of the CCF and the Huazhong University of Science and Technology, organized five invited reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technical and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss the research results in the basic theory of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and science and technology, respectively.
The purpose of the CCF Academic Conference on Big Data is to strengthen the contacts and exchanges between scholars engaged in the field of big data at home and abroad, promote multidisciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry. After seven sessions, it has developed into the most influential academic conference on big data in China, focusing on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has been expanded to the fields of basic theory and technical application.
Formed members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR joined forces to oppose the US-Hong Kong Bill
Some formed members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Bill 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States Congress.
The statement, co-signed by 40 formed members, said that at present, Hong Kong enjoys the rights conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, engaging in trade, cooperation and developing relations with different countries and regions of the world under the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports, and signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducted trade with different countries and regions, and participated in cooperation in many related fields.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the United States Senate and the House of Representatives to pass the relevant bills is not necessary, but only in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and securing political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the establishment expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the move by the United States.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good location for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, in addition to undermining the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, it will also make China-US relations worse, without any benefit and at the expense of others.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems", continue to enjoy the rights conferred by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, now or in the future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international business and trade.
According to the report of the European Times on the 26th, the two houses of the French Parliament will discuss the reform of immigration policy next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time should strive to "properly accept".
Macron is trying to find a compromise on immigration to ease the impact of the upcoming debate, the report said.
Recently, in an interview during the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly in New York, Macron expressed the hope that there would be a real "two-pronged" solution to immigration policy, finding a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to accommodate (immigrants) properly, it cannot accept everyone," Macron said.
Macron listed four priorities for immigration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting the integration of migrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and resettling more efficiently those who enter France illegally and are unfit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic before.
Macron said he wanted to be able to "evaluate" the system, but did not remove it, but imposed certain restrictions on it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right "National Alliance", tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk".
Senate President Rascher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face-to-face" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Valau, a member of the left-wing Socialist Party, argued that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report points out that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for a year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it has not been able to appease the right-wing opposition party.
In the next general election in 2022, the topic of immigration policy will again become the focus of attack by the far right. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but at the same time he will risk infuriating the left within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "buyback wave", and many listed companies have come up with "real gold and silver" to buy back the company's shares.
According to the statistics of Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies in 2019 had exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, setting an all-time high in the amount of repurchase funds for A-share stocks.
In this regard, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Ke Rong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market is low this year. Buying back shares at a relatively low price is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market capitalization and abundant cash flow, which is conducive to boosting investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed rules for the implementation of share repurchase by listed companies, providing listed companies with detailed norms and guidelines for share repurchase.
According to media statistics, since this year, the listed companies that have implemented the buyback plan are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, judging from the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies have repurchased more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, the first is Erie shares, whose repurchase amount exceeds 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice-president of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with China News Agency that the repurchase shows, on the one hand, that the listed company has strong economic strength and good financial situation, has the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows the consideration that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, to the market and to investors.
The former is based on the company's good business performance, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have high quality.
For the capital market, these are the most core basic elements.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and has a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
In addition, according to the Oriental Securities Research Report, according to the expected number of stock buybacks set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year and the average transaction price of repurchased stocks, the incremental funds brought by the repurchase of stocks to the A-share market this year are expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
It took nearly two months. The restoration of the large-scale mural "Map of the Holy Monuments of the Queen of Heaven" in Tianjin Tianhou Palace, a key cultural protection unit of the state, was completed on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during this year's National Day.
The "Map of the Holy Monuments of the Queen of Heaven" is a large-scale traditional mural that comprehensively reflects the life of Mazu.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was drawn by Cai Changkui, former curator of Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhou Palace), from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north walls of the main hall of Tianhou Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. With more than 30 stories such as the birth and fall of Tianhou, the crossing of the sea by banquet and the rise of feather into the sky, 358 characters reproduce the life stories of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "one wet and one dry" has led to the rupture of the murals, which account for 60% of the total mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Ancient Culture Street Management Committee and Tianhou Palace in Nankai District of Tianjin City launched a project to restore the main hall of Tianhou Palace and the murals in the hall.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repairing the old as the old'. At the same time, the original murals have been adjusted for local content, and the original imperfections of the murals have been supplemented and restored.
In the restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were maintained.
Built in 1326, Tianhou Palace, formerly known as Tianfei Palace, commonly known as Niang Niang Palace, has been renovated many times. It is the oldest building complex in Tianjin and one of the earliest surviving Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the launch ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
The shape of the terminal of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix spreads its wings" and has been hailed as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overstretched. Last year, it carried 100 million + passengers, making it the second airport in the world to handle more than 100 million passengers a year after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is expected that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million, accounting for 20% of international flights; by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million, and the share of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country gate", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. With a straight distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen, it is the largest new airport built in the world.
The roof-covered steel structure of its terminal has a projected floor area of 180,000 square meters and is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the first terminal in the world to have two arrival floors and two departure floors-F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
Outside the terminal, there is a double-deck bridge connecting the high-speed and the airport, corresponding to the terminals F3 and F4, respectively-the upper level for international departures and both floors for domestic departures.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "twin airports".
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for the development of the country and an integrated transportation hub for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region that supports the construction of the Xiong'an New Area. So far, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regional and foreign airlines have been approved at all times.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This has formed a "dual hub" airport pattern with Beijing Capital International Airport with coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness, which not only relieves the operating pressure of the capital airport's saturated capacity, but also better meets the urgent needs of the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport fully takes into account the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport runway has adopted an "all-directional" layout, adopted the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and established China's largest terminal control area, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operation.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used a home-made automatic baggage handling and information management system, adopted an innovative baggage transmission mode, and improved the handling efficiency of the baggage system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralds the dazzling and cool take-off of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a localization rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject air-to-air vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold a general meeting in November to transfer the party age to 16
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold the Central Congress in early November, and intends to amend the Party Constitution to lower the age of membership to 16.
With the approval of the National Assembly to lower the voting age for the general election, MCA announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, would put forward proposals to amend the Party Constitution, including lowering the age of MCA membership from the current 18 to 16.
MCA President Dato' Seri Wei Jiaxiang said that the MCA Central Committee was originally scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election of Tanjung Biai's parliamentary seat, the date of the Congress may change.
He said that as the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination date and voting date for the by-election of Tanjung Biai, they will meet the following day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the Party Constitution, but happened to meet the unfortunate death of Dato' Mohamed Fali, a member of the National Assembly of the Indigenous Solidarity Party Tanjung Biai, and therefore joined the agenda of the by-election for this national seat.
Wang Boxiang, former Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province-Chi Zixin, rich people of Qiang County-Xinhua.com
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943. He joined the work in 1967. He has held the positions of Party Secretary of the township, Party Secretary of the county and Mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
In the five years of Shouguang's tenure, Wang Boxiang, with the heart of serving the people, concentrated on doing three things: first, promoting the industrialization of vegetables; secondly, developing the salt and alkali beach in Shoubei; and thirdly, laying the foundation for the industrial transformation, so that Shouguang people have since raised their pockets and raised their waists.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and have also learned the lesson of growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables but could not sell them and rotted in the fields.
Wang Boxiang's research found that the key to catching vegetables is to do a good job in circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in building a vegetable wholesale market, opening the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party cadres should take the lead and screw up. All losses are borne by the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 Party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 winter-warm vegetable sheds. That year, 17 "double-million-yuan households" emerged in the village.
Subsequently, a promotion group was set up in the county. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured and guided in various townships. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were promoted, after which the vegetable sheds were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million acres of land in Shoubei, in addition to salt and alkali beaches, are shallow sea beaches.
The life of the local people is very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable shed. What about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized more than 100,000 people to engage in a congress battle and camped on the barren alkali beach for 40 or 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and lived on the construction site. Like the migrant workers, they pushed cars and carried burdens and ate and slept in the wind. When the common people saw them, they all stretched out their thumbs and admired them with their hearts... At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed a "treasure basin" on salt and alkali beaches.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as secretary of the county committee.
During the meeting, a "Comparative Table of Industrial Economic Figures in 12 counties and urban areas of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is still good, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's net industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang, with a group of more than 70 people, went to the field to "change his mind".
Less than a year after his return, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Since then, "study tours" have been organized every year to take lessons in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lacks enterprises, much less entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting to make a decision: the factory director manager was publicly selected throughout the county, and 40 "capable people with career aspirations" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the vice mayor of Weifang.
What he left behind were more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "10,000 yuan households" and cadres recognized by the people. Shouguang ordinary people still affectionately call him "our Secretary Bo Xiang".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the meeting of Foreign Ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Foreign Minister Tano of Cote d'Ivoire, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jessinawi of Tunisia, current members of the Security Council of Africa, attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four suggestions on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, strength through unity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations have been challenged and the role of the United Nations has been hit, to the detriment of the interests of a large number of developing countries, including African countries, and small and medium-sized countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to hold hands and shoulder to shoulder, so that unity can be strong.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the weight of focus is not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
If China and Africa stand together, it will not be just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit and influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3+1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Security Council. We should make full use of this coordination mechanism.
Secondly, resolve disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated political solutions to hotspot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and has the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex and difficult issues on the agenda of the Security Council, especially the hotspots in Africa, are mostly the scourges laid by colonialism, while some are directly related to external factors.
Together, we should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices, mediation and so on.
Thirdly, rely on self-reliance for self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best. Africa also has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hotspot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote the capacity-building of independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourthly, rely on development to cure the root causes.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We should insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other's chosen development path.
China is ready to closely align the "One Belt, One Road" with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
We should jointly push the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has erupted again. China has made and will continue to make every effort to help, provide human and material assistance to the best of its ability, and is ready to coordinate its actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, WHO and others to increase their assistance and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal departments and other relays to save small lives.
Thrilling!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack. On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week-old premature baby could not wait to be born on her father's car co-driver.
Fortunately, obstetrics and newborn pediatricians dealt with it in time, and the relay saved this small life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal departments of Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both 29 weeks of premature babies.
Ms. Cheng is a second-child pregnant mother. At 7 am on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach. Thinking that she had been pregnant for 32 weeks and that the first child was also premature, she packed up the waiting items and was ready to go directly to the hospital after taking a bath.
After 9:30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I didn't expect that soon after the car left the house, the baby couldn't wait to be born on his father's car co-driver.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynecology building of the Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
When the hospital security guard saw the flustered couple and baby, he immediately informed the maternity ward. Deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and four other doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord plate.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the deputy driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood water under her body. A baby boy was next to her and was still attached to her umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan inquired and learned that the baby was a 32-week-old premature baby. On the way, the parents did not have time to cover the package for the child. The morning of early autumn was already cool. His skin was pale with cold, he did not cry and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the deputy driver to handle the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan got in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped several layers of warmth for the child with the treatment towel and the cloth of the delivery bag, cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (as shown in the picture), and then carried the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
After learning the news, the neonatal department immediately rushed to the nurse station to rescue the premature baby on the spot.
At that time, the baby's face was purple and there was suffocation and lack of oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him a tracheal intubation. In less than a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat, the skin color gradually returned to ruddy, and the recovery was successful.
After being admitted to the hospital, the 32-week-old baby had a wound breathing machine. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he was successfully evacuated the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on the 120 emergency vehicle, both 29 weeks of premature babies, and are currently actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of the obstetrics department of the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, introduced that in recent years, women and children in the province have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. The poor handling of this situation may threaten the life safety of mothers and children.
Director Sun reminded that once pregnant mothers have abdominal pain, broken water, see red and other phenomena, they should come to the hospital immediately.
In case of childbirth at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie flat. She can put a blanket under her hips and so on to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should keep warm immediately after delivery and be sent to the doctor as soon as possible.
Vietnam new aviation technology company officially opens
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair joint venture.
Two leading aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company's joint venture partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a promising future cooperative relationship between the two sides.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of rich experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering would help the joint venture to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the potentially huge aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market in a deep and wide direction.
At the same time, it is a great opportunity to come into contact with modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world-Xinhua.com
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27, a few days ago, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the "White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index" in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum of the 2019 World Manufacturing Congress" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrading. From the macro-level of policy interpretation and the micro-perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing field, discussed in depth the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing industry, continuously improved the ability of high-quality application of intellectual property rights and accelerated the construction of the advantages of intelligent upgrading in the manufacturing industry.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, as well as experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions, to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote the use of intellectual property rights.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Patent Navigation Anhui Provincial Innovation Development Quality Analysis and Evaluation". According to the results of the patent navigation regional innovation high-quality development index, Anhui Province's patent navigation regional innovation high-quality development index in 2018 ranked eighth out of 31 provinces, districts and cities in the country, and the innovation factor agglomeration index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the People's Government of Anhui Province and co-sponsored by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
The 2019 China Open competition opened today with a number of Olympic champions participating in the opening ceremony
Many Olympic champions will take part in the opening ceremony. The audience will sing "Me and My Fatherland" with the Junior Choir
The opening ceremony of the 2019 China Open Tennis Championships will officially begin today at the National Tennis Center. Before the opening match of the evening game, the organizing committee will hold a short and grand opening ceremony. A number of Olympic champions and well-known figures from the sports world will gather at the Diamond Stadium. The guests and spectators participating in the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Fatherland" with the children of the Junior Choir.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans to spend their holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn, and this year is the 16th time it has been held.
The total prize money for this year's China Nets tournament is also another record high, reaching US$11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize money of the women's crown tournament is US$7.64 million. Compared with the two crown tournaments of Indian Wells and Miami, the latter two women's singles tournaments are 96 signatures, while the middle net is 60 signatures, so for the players, the middle net competition appears to be more "cost-effective".
The total prize money of the men's ATP 500 tournament reached an all-time high, rising from US$3.4 million last year to US$3.52 million. The number of prize money continues to lead the ATP 500 tournament, while the total prize money of the ATP 500 tournament held in Tokyo in the same week was about US$2 million.
There will be a short and grand opening ceremony before the first game scheduled at the Central Stadium tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some players participating in tonight's opening ceremony, there will also be ten top players from all fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The first match of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round match between Chinese Golden Flower Peng Shuai and Russian Kasakina. The next second match was played by American rookie Sofia Kenning to challenge 2015 China Open women's singles champion Mugulazza, thus opening the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unwed princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British newspaper Metro, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire who mainly works in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She is ranked fifth in the order of heirs to the British throne and has been hailed as "the most beautiful unwed princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi are engaged."
The British said the two were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement was filmed by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
'We are very happy to share the news of our engagement,' the couple said in a statement.
We are excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life. We can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th of Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial implementation of a new free throw rule. Each free throw will be played only once, and the score will be determined by the foul situation.
O'Neal has a low free throw percentage among NBA stars.
The new rules stipulate that a two-point shooting foul can score 2 points, a three-point shooting foul can score 3 points, and a foul plus penalty can score 1 point.
The last two minutes of regular time and extra time will follow the previous free throw rules.
Although this rule will only be tested in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about what impact it will have on current players if it is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new rules may be good for "Big Beard" Harden, while James, who has a relatively poor free throw, will "suffer".
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises and gives a maximum subsidy of 20 million yuan
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the "Commendation of New China to Welcome the Military Games" city series conference held by the Information Office of the Wuhan Municipal Government that since this year, the city has accelerated the promotion of industrial intelligent transformation and implemented transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, it has collected information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises above the scale.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of the Wuhan Economic and Informatization Bureau, introduced that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consultation and diagnosis services and proposing solutions for industrial enterprises above the scale in need, and comprehensively promoting a new round of high-level enterprise technological transformation.
According to the plan, Wuhan publicly selects a number of specialized diagnostic service institutions every year to conduct a survey of intelligent transformation needs for all industrial enterprises above the size of the city through the opening of columns, questionnaires and door-to-door filings.
So far, it has collected information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises under the regulations, accounting for nearly one third of the number of industrial enterprises above the size of the city.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter enterprises in batches to carry out "one-on-one" on-site evaluation and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong introduced that at present, the city is organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan. Hongxin Communications China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory, Aerospace Science and Technology's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Biological World's leading new animal medicine intelligent production line, Eurobon Smart Home Network intelligent production line and other leading intelligent workshops and intelligent factories in the industry have been launched.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, those who implement the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises shall complete the investment according to their actual conditions; including the investment in equipment and hardware and the soft investment in research and development, they shall be given a transformation subsidy of 8%, up to 20 million yuan.
At the same time, we will actively work with financial institutions such as Jiaotong Bank and Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously alleviate the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau "collapsed", can he succeed in re-election
This time, the "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out of a row was dug out by Trudeau himself.
Recently, the Canadian media revealed a number of old photos of the current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau disguised himself as a black image.
This was considered an obvious act of racial discrimination and immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, Canadians do not buy much.
Trudeau lifted a stone and threw it at his own feet.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-black face movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been high-profile accusing the opposition or dissidents in their own party of "losing money" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be dismissed immediately".
In short, the "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out of a row this time was dug out by Trudeau himself.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first made his debut, there was a whirlwind of "political idols".
Originally a "political man", after taking over as leader of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpected and beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election-the Federal Liberal Party won more than half of the seats in the lower house of the Federation and won the valuable right to form a separate government.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnicity and gender equality", "ecological environmental protection", "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "wrongdoing".
However, in his five years in power, he has been "high and low" in almost all the above-mentioned aspects.
Consider the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality", leaving aside the "black face" incident, after he "paid lip service" on a series of issues related to Aboriginal people, leading Aboriginal groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gate of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
With regard to eradicating corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the raging "Lan Wanling Incident".
It was revealed that he put pressure on the departments and officials responsible for investigation and punishment for the major irregularities and malpractices of "Lan Wanling", a construction engineering company in his hometown, and asked the latter to "go out of business".
Moreover, Trudeau became angry with the official who disclosed the malpractice case after the incident. Wang Zhoudi, mentioned earlier, was the then Attorney General of Canada who was the first to disclose the malpractice case and directly handled the case.
Although the case itself still has doubts, its suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly caused by his own "planing pits", while the biggest "pits" were "tiger heads and tails", "self-inflicted consequences" and "more lenient than self-discipline and stricter than discipline".
According to Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll, since 2015, the number of respondents who support Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their leaders have also performed poorly, even a significant number of voters who still want to vote for the Federal Liberal Party now disapprove of the federal prime minister and the leader of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the drama that won a great victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching influence and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already in a state of supersaturated operation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports in the same city. It is similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, and Pudong Airport, which is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more subdivided services based on the differentiated positioning of serving different domestic and international aviation operations.
The opening of Daxing Airport, from the point of view of business development, is more of a positive impact on the Capital Airport.
In 2018, Capital Airport handled more than 100 million passengers, ranking first in the country. However, compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity gap, especially in the demand for international routes.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers for tourism and business travel, and to adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing's increasing openness and international integration, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport. It plans to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and cargo and mail throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, targeting different customer groups, and both have sufficient market space.
From the point of view of economic accounts, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously form a win-win effect, ease the tight situation of Beijing's aviation capacity, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the point of view of users, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to focus on the travel of the Capital Airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems caused by the over-concentration of routes, such as the longer transit guarantee time, the slower boarding speed of passengers, indirectly increasing the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, exacerbating the burden of airport operation, and reducing the burden of shipping through the Capital Airport. In fact, it has also improved the travel experience of passengers.
According to the media's estimates of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, such as taking the Jingkai Expressway from the South Fifth Ring Road and going directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway, you can arrive in 50 minutes if you drive, with an oil price of about 40 yuan and a high-speed fee of 15 yuan; while choosing the Daxing Airport Line of the Rail Transit Metro, the distance is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the ticket price is divided into three grades of 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Beijing-Xiong Intercity Railway Station, which takes only more than 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
On the whole, there are a variety of transportation options for citizens to go to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: the positioning of Daxing Airport is the transportation hub of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, so it is slightly far from Beijing, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates more people to travel, and is of great significance to boost the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line directly to Daxing Airport in Beijing, there are also a number of expressways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding areas.
Just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via Guangfo, Guangshen and other expressways, residents of Langfang, Xiong'an New Area and other places around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the opening of Daxing International Airport has not only added a few runways and a few aircraft. Whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and the development and integration of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, it has far-reaching influence and positive significance, which is not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only calculate the small account of individuals in economy, but also the large account of overall development.
On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46%-Xinhua.com
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index opened high and closed at 6,077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46%, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, the turnover of small and medium-sized boards amounted to 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded by small and medium-sized boards on the same day, 668 stocks closed higher, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative closed higher; 222 stocks closed lower, 4 stocks such as Shunwei shares closed lower; and 40 stocks such as Weixing shares closed flat.
2019 Vietnam economic and social issues Forum held in Chengtianshunhua province
Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain the growth trend.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants had an in-depth exchange of views and views on four topics, including the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some outstanding issues in Vietnam's economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and predictions and suggestions for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
Trade frictions between major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has determined that, despite the uncertainty of the global economy, in which 70% of the world's economies are in a state of stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development has made many welcome achievements. The macro-economy is running smoothly and inflation has been effectively controlled. The consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64% in the first half of 2019, the lowest increase in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019. Although it was lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, the increase is still a high level compared with the level of the same period in the period 2011-2017.
When predicting the economic development trend of Vietnam in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of the National Economic and Social Forecasting Center of Vietnam, said that under the background of the world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will remain basically stable. The implementation of various free trade agreements will boost trade development. The work of economic restructuring and improving the business environment will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade friction, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, take the initiative to find trade relief measures for Vietnamese exports, find opportunities to expand new export markets, and create facilities for the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be kept at a reasonable level, so as to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote common global development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world's second largest economy, China's contribution rate to world economic growth exceeds 30%. In particular, China's "Belt and Road" initiative, the cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and Siem Reap and the provinces in the territorial region has been deepening.
He said that this year is the opening year of the 61 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have fraternal friendship, and the mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force for the local economic and social development.
Siem Reap Governor Di Saiha highly praised the great achievements made by New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Di Saiha expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
Di Saiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and various provinces and cities in China have been remarkable. So far, friendly relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities in China. The large-scale cultural and performing arts projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. The Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, the Siem Renewal International Airport Project, the special training course for officials of Siem Reap Provincial Government, the Siem Residence Scholars' Scholarship to Study in China, the rural rehabilitation, the reconstruction of urban roads and the rehabilitation of cataracts.
The reception was attended by Ken Wensong, State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Weng Heng, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, the Governors of the five provinces in the territorial region, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian-Chinese Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of foreign consular missions in Siem Reap.
Witnessing the Ten-Year "Cloud Rise" of Digital China in Yunqi Town-Xinhua.com
If the 2009 local website forum is taken as the starting point, the 2019 Yunqi Congress held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "in the clouds" to the practice of "in the clouds", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in the past 10 years.
In the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, recently there was a new "colleague" with Ali Yun artificial intelligence next to the quality inspector.
It is 24-hour, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the quality inspection accuracy rate is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has focused on learning more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective battery tablets.
This enterprise is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing-aided manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprises on the Cloud (2018-2020)", which proposed to strive to achieve a marked increase in the awareness and enthusiasm of enterprises on the cloud by 2020, with a significant increase in the proportion of enterprises on the cloud and the depth of application.
Wang Jian, founder of Ali Yun, said that today, data-centered cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element.
At the same time, over the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has also been expanding.
According to the White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019) released by the China Institute of Information and Communications in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunqi Congress, the "urban brain", which has appeared for three consecutive years, is still attracting attention.
Ali Yun introduced that at present, the urban brain has become the center of urban management from traffic management tools, and the related cooperative application has been extended to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the urban brain, through its powerful computing power, can realize the functions of new urban management services such as "parking first and paying later", "real-time perception of the number of visits" and "tourism route design".
In the field of government services, "one thing" is docked with "one cloud", and "hand-held office" and "hand-held office" are promoted together. Cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, through government affairs, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform for the whole province.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million corporate units in the province, bringing together 3,066 categories of 19.08 billion data.
The average number of calls and sharing of data between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million per month. Every additional call flow of data on the 'cloud' may mean that the masses do less errands.
Be careful to make tea with plastic tea bags!
According to the "Central News Agency", recently, a new Canadian study found that a package of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person consumes throughout the year, but so far there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles can pose a threat to humans.
It is reported that researchers at Magill University in Canada found that by immersing plastic tea bags in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano-plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person consumes throughout the year.
According to a study published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year and inhales the same amount of microplastics at the same time.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. The researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes, and then analyzed them with electron microscopy and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders of magnitude higher than the plastic load of other foods before."
Most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many brands of tea bags made of natural fibers still use plastic to seal their mouths, the report said.
Some brands of tea bags are no longer made of paper, but instead use plastic, and these plastic tea bags are the subject of testing by researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastics. The researchers defined these microplastics as between 100 nm and 5 mm in size, mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human excreta samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics could affect the behavior of the fleas and cause them to develop abnormalities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), so far there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO points out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the large amount of plastic particles released by these tea bags may be due to the fact that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when "food grade" plastics are heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, they may break down or seep out toxic substances.
Guterres said the climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster can erode a generation's development gains.
This is illustrated by the disasters in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes since this year.
About a quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or less.
Relocation can seriously affect their society and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island countries jointly committed themselves to achieving carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030, so that they once again lead the world in the right direction.
"The climate crisis is putting new injustices on top of old ones," Guterres said.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are still trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act, and now is the time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States."
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for the search for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, especially heavily indebted middle-income countries, access funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirms that the oceans have suffered the "sweeping" severe consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, some extreme sea-level rise that would have occurred only once in a century may occur every year in many regions.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold in the past 40 years.
The demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a decline in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also working to address the security impact of illicit trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
"By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere," Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from."
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is fully liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th that the current financial system is fully liquid. Driven by holiday consumption demand, India's economic growth rate is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitaraman made the remarks after a meeting with representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions in India.
Sitaraman did not say what the remarks were about.
Previously, some Indian and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown of India's current economy to the tight liquidity of non-bank financial institutions.
Taking the decline in car sales as an example, Sitaraman denied that tight liquidity was the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicts that India's economic growth may recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumption.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will last until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly boost India's economic growth.
The Education Department of Jiangxi Province recently issued a notice that all primary and secondary schools in the province are strictly prohibited from making up classes illegally during the National Day holiday, and will organize personnel to conduct random inspections and covert visits.
In the circular issued on the strict prohibition of illegal remedial classes during the National Day holiday, the Education Department of Jiangxi Province stressed that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely do so during the National Day period: they should not organize students to make up classes collectively or take new classes, they should not hold subject training courses, special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, promotion classes, etc., and they should not rent campuses and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to participate in illegal remedial classes inside and outside the school, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in illegal remedial classes organized by out-of-school training institutions or by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from introducing students and providing relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The notice makes it clear that for the verified illegal remedial behavior of primary and secondary schools, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction points in the high-quality development education assessment of the county-level government that year; for teachers involved in illegal remedial classes, they will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the relevant regulations on teacher ethics.
Support pig production and ensure market supply
Sui's loyalty requires the implementation of various measures from six aspects
The province-wide teleconference on promoting pig production and guaranteeing market supply was held today to mobilize and re-deploy on the implementation of the policies and measures of the Central Committee, the provincial committee and the provincial government on supporting pig production and guaranteeing market supply.
Sui's loyalty requires that all measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
The "vegetable basket" mayor's responsibility system has been implemented. This year, the province's clear task of releasing 45 million pigs has been broken down into cities and states and included in the responsibility system assessment.
We will do a good job in implementing various policies and measures and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of policy implementation.
We will do a good job in the production and implementation of able-to-breed sows, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for good-breeding of able-to-breed sows, encourage pig-growing enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select excellent sows from the commercial pig population.
We will do a good job in attracting investment and take the well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
We will do a good job in implementing the market circulation system, accelerate the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "adjusting pigs" to "adjusting meat".
To implement the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the scale of breeding and work tasks, and build the first line of prevention and control of epidemic diseases.
Sui's loyalty requires that all efforts be made to guarantee the meat market supply, ensure that there are no large-scale shortages and large-scale supply cuts, and ensure that the pork market supply is stable on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of the African swine fever epidemic, the prohibition of arrest and withdrawal of important waters in the Yangtze River basin of our province, and the acquisition of middle and late rice in the province.
Talking about the feelings of the motherland, the national soul, the Great White Rabbit and other representatives of Shanghai's old names attended party classes for college students
"Me and my motherland" campus card points make college students "happy".
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai-made soap, Shao Wansheng, the Great White Rabbit and four famous Shanghai old names gathered at the "Art Party Course" of East China University of Technology on the 27th. Four representatives of Shanghai old names with an average history of more than 90 years, Qiqi told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old name brand.
The product display exhibition of old-name brands at the scene.
The affectionate narration in the classroom made the students sigh that they did not expect that the product display exhibition of old-name brands was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and the "Me and My Fatherland" campus card point made the college students "happy".
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... As an old-name brand, White Rabbit Milk Sugar has been actively seeking change in recent years, taking the initiative, adhering to innovation and cross-border.
The Great White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also turned his attention to the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary and deputy general manager of the Party branch of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd., mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in hot summer, eating drunk shrimp in the autumn wind and drinking crabs in the winter clouds", reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating".
The company also further excavates brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation and comic packaging design in order to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The representative of the old name told the way of innovation on the spot in the "Art Party Course".
Yu Jie, manager of the restaurant company, said, "All innovations are inseparable from a solid foundation. Every innovation of the old name is a thick and thin process.
The expectation of the old name is hidden in everyone's heart.
The era of product-centered, small and beautiful should begin."
As one of the first batch of "old Chinese names" in China, Shanghai seafood has also quickly adapted to the market trend, carried out VI visual upgrading of the brand, introduced professional operation teams, and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
"Old names can not only be seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now old names will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All our changes will ultimately serve the purpose of enabling consumers to see, hear and, ultimately, buy."
Said Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai soap (Group) Co. Ltd.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmentally friendly products with broad prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old name accompanied my growth and carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood."
Song Yiyuan students sighed.
The representative of the old name in Shanghai told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old name brand.
Zhou Yiting said that how to excavate brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation and live forever is a problem that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
Based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the Faculty of Arts of East China University of Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Old Name Integrated Brand Innovation Studio", this party course hopes to deeply tap the cultural potential and modern commercial value of old names, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of old names in Shanghai, enhance the cultural radiation agglomeration power of old names in Shanghai, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "design + culture", and show Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite literary historians, masters of painting, masters of pottery, masters of non-relics, masters of architecture and masters of landscapes to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will talk about the innovation and adherence of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students and nurture the patriotic feelings of college students.
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to wish the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and also said a sentence in Chinese
On 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China by video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I'm Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend warm congratulations on behalf of the Government and people of Japan.
At the G-20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China cooperated to make the summit a success and declared the firm will of the G-20 to the world through the Declaration of the G-20 Leaders Osaka Summit.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit talks and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring. At the same time, they were united in their determination to open up a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the joint efforts of the two countries to deal with the problems facing the region and the world and jointly contribute to the international community will be conducive to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations a vigorous development and my friends a prosperous career.
"Over-age migrant workers on some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where can I find a young worker now?
I don't want to use so many 'old people' on the construction site. There is no way."
Recently, with regard to the phenomenon of many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site, Zou Kui, who has been working as an engineering contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented.
Recently, the author's university carried out the rain and sewage diversion project. There are many migrant workers on campus. If you pay attention to the observation, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers here.
Over-age migrant workers are not "idle" when they go out to work, but because they "cannot be idle" and have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so"-whether saving money to solve their old-age and medical problems or helping their children, all drive these old people who should have been "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old and dependent" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to read books, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to start a family and raise grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed the "task of life", their wallets have been emptied and even there are many debts, most of which lack the accumulation of wealth.
In order not to drag down their children and to save more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they can't do it".
Many "post-80", "post-90" and even "post-00" new-generation migrant workers are reluctant to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "labor shortage". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of a skill and the decline of physical function and labor ability, many over-age migrant workers are engaged in high-intensity, low-income, high-risk and low-security jobs.
Being able to work a day is a day. Being able to earn a little more is a bit. The survival predicament of over-age migrant workers behind "can't be idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
To solve the difficult problems of wage arrears and wage collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income and improve the living conditions of over-age migrant workers. In addition to their "self-redemption", they are also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars point out that over-age migrant workers are unlikely to rely on returning home to plant land to solve their old-age and medical problems. They must support their families through other means.
Reading the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers "can't be idle" will help us better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs and trying to make them return to the countryside to truly realize "old and dependent", it is necessary for the public sector, the market and society to share responsibilities in the benign interaction and for many parties to work together.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export the system in the next five years because "it will first supply its own military and then export production".
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their defense needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Glekhov, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Air and Space Forces, said that the development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" Sky Defense Conzern.
This is a new generation of air defense systems, using the working principles used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some data, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles exceeding five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defense systems, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from a national defense perspective.
Sergei Chemezov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He said the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system entered service with the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to the news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Arctic Air Defense Regiment of Novaya Zemlya has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defence, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
"With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic region has increased significantly," the news service of the Russian North Fleet said.
It is very important that, according to the military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the far north and the Arctic.
Officers and soldiers of the Air Defense Regiment trained on the new system and were ready to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, it still retains part of it.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed at outer altitudes or "leaky fish" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system, developed by "Golden Diamond-Antai" Sky Defense Conzern, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second at a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the security of its airspace along the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor"-M2DT anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic. They are enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic.
At that time, the Russian Ministry of Defence said that the Arctic "Tor" force would be expanded to a complete brigade-level establishment in the future.
Together with the newly deployed S-400 long-range system on Novaya Zemlya and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding the complex and long process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of Russian goods stores, Russian goods companies focus on selling Russian goods in China.
Most Russian products have online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tian Cat (Tmall), Jingdong (JD), 1688, Pinduoduo, Hand Q (ShouQ) and multifunctional instant messaging software Wechat, as well as their own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian commodity retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russian products to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf-on-shelf products enterprises.
The store plans to open by the end of this year and put on the shelves the products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to data from the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is as high as 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, exceeding $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open a pilot store to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and the sales of 500 million rubles are still insignificant.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a fairly positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our goods as high-quality and green environmentally friendly products."
Kozhevnikov said the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
"We have an ambitious goal of launching 500 businesses through this store in three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also mount the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Foundations at Russia's Plekhanov University of Economics.
"I don't see a lot of highly competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believes that the project will probably not really be implemented, but it will help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in both China and other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely the training program for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also act as an organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also become a center for holding commercial project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, promotion meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural exhibition stand, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs," said the Information Service of the Russian Export Center.
"This is another direction of our efforts, with the aim of supporting enterprises and ensuring that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the fair will also host master classes, cooking contests and a Russian food taste fair for famous Russian chefs in the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Food" project.
After the autopsy court of Mohamed Adi, who died in the line of duty, ruled on Friday that the cause of death was not accidental, the police waited for a complete report and for instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office to take the next step.
Datuk Huzl of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau issued a statement on Friday that, according to the decision of the coroner's court, the police will await the most further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the death of Mohamed and that the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, Xuezhou Chief Superintendent Noah Zhan said that the police will wait for a complete report on the content of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter after attending a handover ceremony for the deputy sheriff of Xuezhou at the Xuezhou police headquarters on Friday morning.
He said that the police investigated the case on the basis of the relevant reports.
He added that the police would also ignore the progress of the investigation and decide whether to summon people who had previously been recorded for questioning again.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau that, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken Chang'an Street and its routes as the main axis to comprehensively improve the landscaping landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up as the capital and dress up to welcome the arrival of the National Day holiday.
Over the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscapes along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take pictures.
These flower beds have a bright theme. From the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, they bring together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and show the happy life of the people.
The relevant person-in-charge of the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau introduced that this year's greening environment layout makes full use of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
More than 230 varieties are used in flower beds, including 16 self-bred varieties, 18 new green anti-stress varieties and 11 native plants.
China's self-selected "Hanlu Jinghui", "gorgeous autumn candy" and "colorful autumn" three chrysanthemum varieties have been used for the first time.
In order to welcome the national celebration, Beijing has also recently carried out a comprehensive rectification of the city's landscaping landscape environment, planting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers and shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of lawn root flowers.
At the same time, 200 theme flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's Ring Road, the Chang'an Street Extension Line, the Xiangshan Memorial Site, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of important tourist attractions. The amount of flowers planted on the ground has reached 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 flower-column pile sketches, 5,000 combination containers and 15,000 hanging flower boxes have been put up, so that the greening environment of the capital has been upgraded in an all-round way.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues-Xinhua.com
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (Reporter Xu Xiaolei Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations-China Position Paper of the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "China's Progress Report on Implementing the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 (2019)" and "Earth Data Supporting the Sustainable Development Goals".
"China and the United Nations-Chinese Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of China's cooperation with the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Party.
It is pointed out that the proposal put forward by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the construction of a community of human destiny has become the banner of the diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China has participated in international affairs in a more active and promising manner, made greater contributions to world peace and development and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of the United Nations: peace, development and human rights in 10 aspects.
Reaffirm China's firm support for and practice of multilateralism and support for the United Nations to play a central role in international affairs; point out that China's development is in the same resonance with the development of the world and that the two promote each other; and emphasize that in the face of the great changes that the world has not seen in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit and introduces China's policy proposals for international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in addressing climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards addressing climate change as an inherent requirement for its own sustainable development and a responsibility to build a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome the many difficulties and challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
"China's Progress Report on Implementing the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 (2019)" is the second progress report published by China after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combs China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The cases contained in the report, such as precision poverty eradication, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and building a "Belt and Road" together, will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The "Report on Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals" shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute-The Art Works Exhibition of Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng will open at 6 pm on September 29, 2019 at the Exhibition Gallery of Huaiyuan Building of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
Welcome people from all walks of life.
Well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Integrated Design of the Macao Polytechnic Institute. They then jointly founded the design company in 2013. After five years of efforts, the company has made outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally. The design business is spread all over the world. The business spans more than 10 countries and 25 cities. They have successfully pushed the team design to the international level and are well known.
This time, at the invitation of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute, they displayed their ingenious design works and shared their experiences in starting a business.
On that day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design development of Macao.
The exhibition will be held from September 29 to October 10, 2019. It will be open from 9 am to 11 pm and will be open as usual on holidays.
For inquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 8599 3119.
Lao collectives and individuals were awarded the National Medal and Emblem of Viet Nam
According to the decision on the award of the Medal of Independence issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trung on September 21, Viet Nam awarded the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, with the aim of recognizing their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and organs of the National Assembly of the Lao People's Republic and the Lao People's Republic.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trung also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Emblem of Friendship.
In accordance with that decision, the State of Viet Nam decided to award 21 Orders of Friendship and 17 Emblems of Friendship to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, with the aim of recognizing their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and organs of the National Assembly of the Lao People's Republic and the Lao People's Republic.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Ninh stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups of Vietnam and Laos has been formed from a long history. The good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relationship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Feng Weihan and carefully nurtured by the two parties, successive leaders and people of the two countries, and has become a priceless treasure for the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Ninh stressed that under the complex and changing circumstances of the world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation between Vietnam and Laos have been continuously consolidated and developed and are increasingly becoming in-depth and pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Ninh stressed that the award of the Order and Emblem of the Party and the State of Viet Nam to all collectives and former senior leading cadres of the Lao National Assembly is a recognition by the Party, the state and the people of Viet Nam of the great credit given to all comrades. I hope that all comrades will continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between the Lao People's Republic and the Lao People's Republic.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Ninh stressed that the Vietnamese Party and the country will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao Party and the country, inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have been awarded the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Emblem of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them honorary awards and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
In the United States, e-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency", on the 26th local time, U.S. health officials said that 12 people had died of e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, while there were 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
It is reported that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported these figures and said that specific substances that cause related diseases have not yet been identified.
However, most patients reported that they had used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main compound in cannabis that affects mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke atomizers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the above-mentioned 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were notified by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and the U.S. state of Massachusetts have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to the report, the Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products other than tobacco flavors from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Intelligent Station Card" makes you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Intelligent Transport and Gao De Map announced that the country's first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Station Cards" will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 bus electronic screens will be lit in Nanjing. This move will comprehensively upgrade the level of Nanjing informatization services, improve the efficiency of public transport services and the happiness of ordinary people's travel.
In the past, the anxiety scene of waiting for a car was staged at the bus station almost every day.
The running time of buses is difficult to predict, the bus road conditions and vehicle location along the way are difficult to know, and the problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently. Especially in some large cities, the long commuting distance and the complex traffic conditions during the morning and evening rush hours make it difficult to guarantee the bus punctuality rate.
To this end, Nanjing Intelligent Transport, together with Gao De Map, deeply explored the new direction of "Internet + Transport" convenience service, and launched the country's first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Station Card", an intelligent service project.
It is reported that the country's first batch of "Internet + smart station signs" landed in Nanjing, integrating Gao Deda's data and Gao De's vehicle expected driving time ETA algorithm, and relying on the upgrading of public transport electronic station signs and mobile Internet and traffic big data, realizing the ability of "public transport intelligent station signs + electronic maps" to publish public transport routes at both ends and the expected arrival time of public transport.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station Card", the citizens of Nanjing can not only easily obtain the expected arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops are still from the current station, but also intuitively grasp the bus road conditions along the way through three colors: red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus routes passing through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the technology of "Internet + Smart Station Card", the citizens of Nanjing have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "checking the bus location before going out, mastering the station time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the time when arriving at the destination when taking the bus".
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Station Card", choose the travel route that best suits you. At the same time, you can also make good psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for a car, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 pieces of the Summer Palace's fine cultural relics are on display for the first time-Xinhua.com
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were displayed this time, of which more than 30 cultural relics were displayed to the public for the first time in the Summer Palace, showing the rich collection of court cultural relics in the Summer Palace and the connotation of its traditional Fushou culture.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Jijin, Fushu Shouji, Qigong Jingyi and Fucai Zenghua. Cultural relics of many kinds, such as jade bronze, ancient books and paintings, miscellaneous items and porcelain enamel, are displayed to the audience. The device shape and pattern decoration of the exhibits all reflect the theme of "Fushou".
Yan Lijia, Deputy Director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Management Office, introduced that the exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, a large variety of cultural relics and a large age span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics participating in the exhibition are national first-class cultural relics and second-class cultural relics. The cultural relics span from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu Year.
The Shang Dynasty on display is more than 3,000 years old. It is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic on display this time. The green jade sleeper cow has a huge volume and weighs nearly 80 kilograms. It is carved from a whole piece of green jade and is well preserved. It is very rare. The wooden seat clock of the mountain stone figure Louge, the "Nanzhai Collection Painting Book" and the "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" are also the first fine cultural relics to be displayed to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that the cultural exhibition upholds the spirit of making cultural relics "live", relies on the gardening thought of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and takes the cultural relics on the theme of "Fushou" in the park as the carrier, so that visitors can understand the profound Fushou culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, carry forward and inherit the traditional Chinese culture and convey the good wishes of praying for a happy and happy life.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua commentary: unswervingly follow our own path
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era", released on the 27th, provides an answer: In the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a development path suitable for itself.
Since modern times, in the environment of accumulated poverty and weakness, internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people have sought and continued on the road to explore and save the country and the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been thought of and tried, and the results have not worked."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and the New China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road taken by China is the road of happiness for the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is because it is on the right path that China can do its own things well, become the world's second largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path, which conforms to China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright prospects for development as the times progress.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find the right path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this right path even more.
The Chinese people understand the truth of the southern orange and the northern orange. They understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves. Only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this kind of road self-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "final conclusion of history" was once famous.
Today, the success of the socialist road with Chinese characteristics announces the end of the "final conclusion of history", the collapse of the "China collapse theory" and the failure of the "socialist failure theory".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries in achieving national prosperity and people's strength, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and provided experience and reference for countries and ethnic groups in the world that both want to accelerate development and want to maintain their own independence to follow a path that conforms to their national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suitable for their own national conditions.
Instead of "importing" the foreign model or "exporting" the Chinese model, China will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen governance and political exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that a Foodworks supermarket owner who fired a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to hire employees from an Asian background was slammed as "shameful."
The committee said Ms. Gail Ayton's boss, Jianbin Wang, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated employees in a "grossly unfair" manner and may have violated anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, vice-chairman of the committee, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements published by Mr. Wang in various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past".
Among the job requirements listed in these positions, one said "preferred Asian woman" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
The third post said he was "more inclined to overseas people (sic)".
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text message in April this year, which he later said was due to her absence from work and the alleged lack of a small amount of cash from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
However, Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang's reasons for firing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
She has been absent for only one shift in the past three years, and the "missing amount" totals a few Australian dollars.
He said Ms. Ayton's dismissal had "virtually nothing to do with her behavior or performance".
"In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement published by Mr. Wang, the real motivation of the respondent to fire her was that he preferred to hire employees with an Asian background," he said.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's actions ostensibly constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and/or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal."
Mr. Sams said that, given Mr. Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, a casual worker with an hourly salary of $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said that he would submit his rulings and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
"I think the respondent took an incurable unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang "waited" for this opportunity, which he thought would 'justify' the termination of the applicant's employment," he said.
"He was wrong... the respondent completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her when dismissing the applicant and, shockingly, his rude and extremely unfair perfunctory behavior."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks is a small business, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer will fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner acknowledged in this case."
"It's shameful, and it's extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway to meet the National Day Golden Week passenger flow increasing 175 passenger trains-China News Network
Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) The reporter learned from Guangzhou Railway Group on September 27 that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, Guangzhou Railway Group will increase the number of popular direction trains in succession. The total number of additional passenger trains per day during the holiday period will reach 175, comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized and renovated the three-storey security inspection channel, adding 12 security inspection channels. After the new renovation, there are a total of 44 security inspection channels in the three-storey waiting room. In addition, in order to unblock the passenger inbound flow line, Guangzhou South Station has added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, for a total of 71.
In order to ease the congestion and congestion of vehicles on the north-south road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 parking spaces to relieve the pressure of poor traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the peak period, the exit of Shenzhen North Station A2 will be connected with the subway, with an inspection-free channel to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during the peak period.
In addition, the East-West Plaza will normally set up a U-color love expressway to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Kowloon Passenger Terminal carries out full-staff business training to ensure that all staff responsible for passenger service work learn to master business knowledge, improve the quality of service, ensure that train attendants perform every trip with a good spiritual outlook and more professional and standard business quality, and provide better service to passengers.
6 People deny involvement in selling fake big horse card newspaper raw paper case to high court
Six men suspected of forging and selling China's passports, newspaper papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the State Name Registration Bureau and a businessman with the rank of superintendent, passed the case on Thursday. The magistrate approved the charges of anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in migrants and handed them over to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato' Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, also a member of the Sunset Cave District Congress, Rael, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, i.e. he would no longer be the representative lawyer of the defendant, which was approved in court.
He said that he had attracted criticism from political opponents for representing the defendant, and that his Action Party had also been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the Action Party and the Greek League government or other Greek League leaders, so the decision was made after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of the National Assembly, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants. So far, the defendant, Li Zhenhua, has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. Faced with a number of charges under Article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act, as well as Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), they all denied their guilt and were not granted bail by the court.
On Thursday, two district court judges, Noshaha and Mazlan, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges of anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in migrants decrees involving the six defendants to the high court for trial after the arguments of both the prosecution and the defense. The charges of forgery of documents will be heard in the district court on October 3, waiting for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
The earlier six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the motherland-a sketch of a square team of the armed police force
Jinqiu, on the military parade training ground, a square team of the armed police force composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters is busy with training.
The shiny bayonets, unique olive green and bright red shoulder badges together form a bright landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this square team and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to always be loyal defenders of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first".
"The dream shines on the glorious life and writes the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song created collectively by the officers and soldiers of the Fang team-"Walking with the motherland".
In the square team, this song is the motto of every team member.
Qi Xiaoguang, 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
As a flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang has always had high standards and strict requirements for training.
He tied a sandbag to practice stereotyping, stuck a stopwatch to practice gait, blindfolded to practice gait, and practiced stability in the face of the strong wind.
In his "flag-raising career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
At a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a benchmark soldier.
The standard of action of the benchmark soldier and the flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although the progress frequency of the flag bearer and the benchmark soldier is only more than 20 steps away, more efforts should be made in training.
The benchmark soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the neatness of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced hard kicking.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and pace won applause from the officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of soldier Zhu Xudong Fang took part in the military parade on the 50th anniversary of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps and become a member of the Fang team, he suffered setbacks over and over again, but was never discouraged.
He said, "It is an honor of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and be reviewed by the Party and the people. I am willing to suffer any hardship."
Walking into the honor room of the square team, eight big words of "the elite master of maintaining stability in the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the Fang Team, introduced that all the members of the Fang Team come from the Beijing General Team of the Armed Police. This is a unit with a glorious tradition. It has been responsible for major tasks such as the founding of the National People's Congress, the National Day celebrations, the security of successive National Congresses of the Party and the stability of the capital against terrorism. It has nurtured a large number of British model collectives and individuals such as the "National Flag Guard" and the "Hero Squadron of the National Guard". More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
Han Zheng attended and delivered a speech at a reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
On behalf of the Chinese Government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng first expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years of reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to overcome difficulties and work hard, successfully walked out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, has promoted the overall layout of the "Five Ones" in an integrated manner, promoted the strategic layout of the "Four Comprehensives" in a coordinated manner, promoted historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the Party and the state, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China over the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups. They also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China, joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point. The Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the training and formation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause that enjoys the support of the people of the world, a cause that is open to learning from the world and a cause of cooperation with all countries in the world.
China will take a more open and inclusive attitude, open-mindedly learn from the people of all countries in the world, and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start businesses. We welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of human destiny and to the cause of world peace and development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by Minister of Science and Technology Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by veteran foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, responsible comrades from relevant departments of the central and state organs and Beijing, for a total of about 1,800 people.
The main well of the deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
Xinhua News Agency Kunming September 27 (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the main well of the No. 1 Shaft of the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway, the first long tunnel of China's railway, was successfully dug to the end on the 27th, with a depth of 762.59 meters breaking the record for the deepest shaft of the domestic railway.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improving ballast efficiency and ensuring construction safety.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft construction area of the Dali Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said, "After the successful excavation of the main well of the No. 1 Shaft of the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel to the end, it will help to promote the construction of the bottom yard of the construction well, open many working faces for the later construction of the main hole and flat guide, and accelerate the construction progress of the whole Gao Ligongshan Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 Of Gao Ligongshan Tunnel adopts well drilling method. It is equipped with large-scale specialized machinery such as well drilling derrick, well drilling stabilizer, well drilling winch, overall moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drilling and central rotary rock grab machine. It has formed a mechanized excavation system, ballasting system, suspension system and winch lifting system.
It is understood that the Dali Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
With a total length of 34.538 km, the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel is the first long tunnel of China's railway.
On-the-spot filming of the television series "Fox Hunt" reproduces the demeanor of first-line detective officers
The cross-border fugitive investigation drama "Fox Hunt" was recently filmed on the spot at Tianjin Airport. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Gull filmed important scenes such as escorting fugitive economic crime suspects back to their home countries. The filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
This time, the crew of "Fox Hunt" filmed the key scenes that can best show the law enforcement achievements of "Fox Hunt" at the airport-members of the Fox Hunt Action Team chased the fugitives home, escorted the plane, signed an arrest warrant and so on.
The crew filmed many sets of scenes such as aprons, customs border checks and aircraft cabins and hatches, reproducing the arduous journey and professional demeanor of China's first-line detective police and fox hunting heroes flying in many countries to arrest fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the filming, the creator team of "Fox Hunt" carried out a lot of preparatory work, repeatedly confirmed each execution detail, and ensured that it presented the most realistic and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed in many foreign countries.
Vietnam should seize opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank cities' readiness to face the AI wave include prospects, realization ability, asset base and development direction.
The city of Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I think it makes a lot of sense," Oliver Wyman organization expert Timothy Pevanne told reporters.
On the whole, I think that under the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base, the future of Vietnam is very bright.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
It is important for Vietnam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote more economic development."
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is ready for the breakthroughs brought about by the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to be here to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
"Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress," Guterres said.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty -- the biggest poverty alleviation achievement in history."
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates have declined, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted people has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has been halved.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
The photo exhibition to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said this year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 sustainable development agenda.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has always been a partner in ensuring that the activities of the United Nations remain stable.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" soldiers on mission in South Sudan.
"As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises," Guterres said.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation in building a better world for all."
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have always been with the world.
China's achievements are not only the achievements of China, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, the brilliant achievements they have made and the contributions they have made to the world.
United Nations news photo/Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
Here is the story of ethnic unity. China has made great achievements in its policy of regional ethnic autonomy, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan Mountain or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, including the story of peaceful development, the story of developing the "Belt and Road" initiative, and the story of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, the green water and green mountains are the golden mountains and silver mountains.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with all countries in the world, plays a role in solving hotspot issues, and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the great changes that the world has not seen in a century, China actively safeguards the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is young, high-spirited and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original intention.
Wang Yi meets Malawi foreign Minister Kasera
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi Foreign Minister Kasera while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been advancing steadily.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The heads of state of the two countries held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the heads of state of the two countries and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, so as to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and collaboration with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Kasera said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and that China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's booming tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming "11th" Golden Week!
The big data of many tourism platforms show that China's tourism consumption market is booming in both supply and demand.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, with reference to the statistics of National Day tourism in previous years, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during this year's National Day holiday will be close to 800 million; in addition, more than 7.5 million people will travel abroad.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities use the platform to book products such as group tours, free travel, customized tourism and local play, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43 percent year-on-year.
Not only will the number of tourists hit a new high during this year's National Day holiday, but the consumption upgrade will also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday travel.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This is due to the fact that tourists generally chose products with better experience, such as high-rated brand hotels, shopping-free tour groups, exquisite tour groups, special car guides, etc.
The booking data of donkey mother travel network shows a similar trend. "Private groups" with comfortable models and less than 10 people are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer "easy and slow" that emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
Flying pig data show that the number of tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier cities and below has increased the fastest, reaching 30% year-on-year, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more parts of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "11th" Golden Week tourism.
Ctrip data show that orders for car rental self-driving tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year. Short-distance self-driving tours to explore the surrounding small crowd routes continue to be popular; the number of applicants for private groups has increased by as much as 155% year-on-year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's tourism and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of tourists during the National Day holiday are parents and children, 25% are couples traveling, and 23% are colleagues and friends traveling together.
In addition, according to the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the more rapid growth of outbound travel during the previous Golden Week, the domestic travel market has performed more "eye-catching" this year.
Flying pig data show that the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes during this year's National Day holiday increased by 42% year-on-year, faster than outbound travel.
According to industry analysis, while demand is strong, all parts of the country promote tourism supply-side reform to provide tourists with a richer "cultural and travel feast".
For example, the State General Administration of Sports and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly released the "Sports Tourism boutique route for the 11th Golden Week in 2019"; the ongoing Shanghai Tourism Festival in 2019 has launched seven sectors and 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate; and in the run-up to the Golden Week, many provinces such as Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong have introduced measures to reduce the price or free tickets for scenic spots.
Ctrip booking data show that domestic destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot". Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live theatrical film, "At this moment-celebrating the 70th birthday of New China", will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces of the country on October 1.
Through the 4K ultra-high-definition signal, the Central Radio and Television General Station will broadcast live on the big screen the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass parade.
The head of the Central Radio and Television General Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the day of the National Day, the General Station will build more than 100 seats and install more than 200 pick-up equipment along Chang'an Street and the high point of the celebration area. Using lens language and simultaneous sound, the whole process, all-element 4K ultra-high-definition and 5.1 surround sound will be broadcast live for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China faced a severe shortage of pork and was expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins. The epidemic has led the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of pigs in China has been halved and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at the Dutch Cooperative Bank in China, said that the demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the ruling Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the peoples of the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China unswervingly follows its own path, concentrates on doing its own things, makes the country richer and stronger and the people happier, and injects stability and certainty into a complex and changing world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always taken economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly followed the path of high-quality development, implemented the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing, accelerated the construction of a modern economic system and better met the growing needs of the people for a better life.
Allowing the common people to live a good life has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people want to live a good life not only for themselves, but also for the people of other countries."
China adheres to development innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of "One Belt, One Road" high-quality development, and promotes the cause of global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative and strengthen guidance to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified opening-up pattern, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and take practical actions to maintain and promote economic globalization.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening up to the outside world will open wider and wider, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The white paper points out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly uphold the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is China's basic principle in dealing with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It has not only seen the requirements of China's development for the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and has actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional set-up and mode of operation, better fulfills the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter of the United Nations, and plays a greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, summarizes the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of living in the world in Chinese culture and the resonance of the concept of governance with today's times, and strives to contribute China's wisdom, China's plan and China's strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the open meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese Navy has been escorting in the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
The "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund", announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development. To date, 34 Africa-related projects have been launched, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108 and had his hair cut for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Guinness World Records in New York, United States. At the age of 108, he never retired to cut his hair for his guests every day. However, on the 19th, Mancinelli died of complications from jaw cancer and bid farewell to his 96-year-old hair-cutting life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli emigrated to the United States when he was eight years old. He soon helped clean the floor in a barber shop. At the age of 12, he began to pick up scissors to serve his guests, thereby alleviating the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli attended primary school at the time, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved his work and people from all over the world liked him. However, although his father had always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work due to physical factors six weeks before his death, but this was not a retirement because he planned to come back to cut his hair when he got better.
Robert, 82, said he now had to find a new hairdresser after his father died because he had asked his father to help cut his hair all his life.
The repurchase scale of listed companies reached an all-time high of more than 100 billion yuan during the year-Xinhua.com
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have begun to buy back shares frequently in the past two years. Through targeted repurchase and pooled price trading, they hope to pass on the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, so as to stabilize the share price and enhance investor confidence.
According to Oriental Wealth Choice data, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares amounted to RMB 7.9 billion in 2017 and soared to RMB 51 billion in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies has exceeded RMB 100 billion, setting a new high in the amount of repurchase funds in A-share history and far exceeding the previous year.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares appears to be the same as the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the subject of implementation, the source of funds, the purpose of repurchase and the rights and interests of the shares themselves.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Ke Rong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with the Securities Daily that the Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies, issued in November 2018, have made repairs to the problems existing in the current system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complex decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As listed companies have been encouraged to repurchase shares from the policy side before, the phenomenon of repurchase of shares increased significantly in that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies". The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of repurchase funds for listed companies, properly simplified the implementation procedures, guided the improvement of governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee shareholding plans.
After the opinions are issued, the listed companies carry out the operation of share repurchase, which has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is greater.
Buying back shares at a relatively low position is also conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the rate of return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's profit indicators.
Compared with the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued share price is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies. The company's share price can no longer reflect the company's future development prospects. Therefore, such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot invest blindly. They need to pay attention to the financial reports and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least show the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The repurchase enthusiasm of A-share listed companies is gradually heating up, which also normalizes the repurchase behavior. The data show that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and the leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of repurchase, saying that the company has accumulated 57.59 million shares of A shares through centralized bidding trading, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total equity. The total amount of funds paid totals 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). The repurchase shares will be fully used for the employee shareholding plan, including, but not limited to, the long-term service plan that has been considered and approved by the company's shareholders' meeting.
Erie shares have paid 5,792 million yuan for share repurchase, and the use of the repurchase shares has been adjusted in the near future. From the original plan, "the repurchase shares will all be used as the stock source for the later implementation of the equity incentive", it was changed to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used for the stock source for the implementation of the equity incentive, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for write-off to reduce the registered capital".
Erie shares said that the write-off of some of the shares that have been repurchased is conducive to further raising the level of earnings per share and effectively improving the investment return of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group announced the progress of repurchase on September 25, showing that TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The TCL Group Board Office told the Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee shareholding plans, equity incentives or for converting corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the maintenance of the interests of investors, combined with the performance of the company's stock in the secondary market in the past year, and taking into account the company's operating situation and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other means of financing to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, former chief economist of Hai Open Source Fund, said that on the one hand, the operation of listed companies to buy back shares can reduce the number of shares in circulation in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important benefit for the share price in the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to take out real gold and silver and buy back shares from the stock market for write-off, which has greatly boosted market confidence.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially high-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share repurchase. It is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and secretary of the Changsha Municipal Committee, and the four major leaders of the Hunan Army in engineering machinery manufacturing-Zhan Chunxin, Liang Jinggen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang-have set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing"-to build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in three or five years.
Building a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in Changsha, in the current fashionable words, is to build "the strongest on the surface".
As the capital city of the inland province, Changsha shouts out this rhetoric. Where does the bottom come from?
It is based on the strength of hegemonic side leakage.
The four construction machinery Xiang enterprises participating in this dialogue, each with their own skills, cover the whole fields of sky, underground, sea and land: the intelligent light aircraft of mountains and rivers, the concrete conveyor pump of Zhonglian Heavy Industries, the all-ground crane of Trinity Heavy Industries and the tunnel shield machine of Iron Construction Heavy Industries. Their "hard strength" can be described as standing alone and proud of the masses.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
With the change of times, Chinese enterprises have "introduced" and "gone out" two-wheel drive. Taking advantage of the east wind of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, they have taken many measures to acquire, merge and set up factories, and have become the leaders of the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, Sanyi Heavy Industries, Zhonglian Heavy Industries, Iron Construction Heavy Industries, Shanhe Intelligent and other leading engineering machinery enterprises, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, have greatly led similar enterprises.
It is driven by the camera.
The "Four King Kongs" of the Xiang Army of Engineering Machinery is the leader of the Changsha Engineering Machinery Industry Cluster and the head enterprise of the global engineering machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of global industry, who can survive and live well is the hardness of speech.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many well-known international engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises have fallen down. However, engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha regard "cat winter" as "winter swimming", put pressure on themselves, break through themselves, and change from manufacturing to intellectual construction through the transformation of industrial structure, not only survived the past, but also became stronger and stronger.
It is based on the common strength of government and enterprises.
The development of superior industries requires both active enterprise and active government action.
The reason why Changsha has a reputation as the "capital of engineering machinery" is that it brings together the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creates many related industrial clusters, and through measures such as optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the examination and approval process, the research and development, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises have been greatly reduced.
A good business ecology allows engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises to come.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building a leading level of global engineering machinery.
Whether it is the government, enterprises or even related production, study and research businesses, they should seize opportunities, follow the trend, set goals, continue to make efforts, and contribute Hunan's strength to the construction of a manufacturing power.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
Whether it is the past, the present or the future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
Our initiative to hold such a meeting of foreign ministers is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and the leaders of African countries at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is aimed at strengthening the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council. It is also aimed at promoting better support from the international community for the achievement of peace and development in Africa.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and collaboration and safeguard common interests.
Both sides should rely on unity and strength, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance and manage the root causes through development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China have always been the most trusted and trusted partners of each other.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and active role in African affairs, strongly promoted a just and reasonable solution to African problems, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding Africa's interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support maintaining multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and opposing unilateralism and bullying. We all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council and safeguard the common interests of China and Africa and the vast number of developing countries. We all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way and request the United Nations to provide financial support for African-owned peace operations. We all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development. We all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country to create obstacles for developing countries and deprive them of the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Lake sheep came to "get rid of poverty".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
In the Yimin Aquaculture Professional Cooperative in Yima Town, Xia Weili, a 58-year-old villager, filled the trough in the sheepfold with the last spade of fodder, stood by the trough and watched the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. When autumn and winter are full of fat, you can sell it at a good price."
Shavili said that he fed "special nutritious meals" to sheep every day, regularly cleaned, sterilized and disinfected, carefully waited on and did not dare to snub.
Shavili raised sheep for more than 20 years. He did not know how extensive he used to herd sheep until he came to work in a cooperative.
Xia Weili is a native of Xia Yuchi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are sheep farmers, but he adheres to the traditional way of herding. The quality of sheep is poor and the amount of sheep is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shavili devoted himself to farming all day because he always had a lot of energy in his heart.
The stockholders are all poor households. They all entrust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can share the dividend and sell the price at the end of the year, they all count on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few "good handles" of farming in the village.
Yimin Aquaculture Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed has a good way inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria. The lake sheep cannot stay in a sultry and damp place. The sheep shed must be built in a three-sided gutter, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the epidemic, it is necessary to spray and disinfect the sheep shed regularly and give the sheep three to four vaccinations in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "little fat sheep" have to eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa and so on, and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch their bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship and maintenance, guides local farmers to put well-bred lake sheep here, uniformly raises, manages and sells them, and realizes well-bred, scientific, standardized and intensive farming.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares receive more than 6,000 yuan in dividends per household each year, and four poverty alleviation clients who have set up file cards work in cooperatives.
From "grazing all over the mountains" to "accurate feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at the size and touching the belly" to "doing B-Supers one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not only a change in the mode of feeding. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market".
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., the leading local enterprise, will buy at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., said that by providing poor households with loan guarantees, sheep supply, order farming, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales services, enterprises have driven more and more poor households to read the "sheep scripture".
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" the forage farming, good seed breeding, large-scale farming, slaughtering division and market sales of Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral interlaced zone, rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale meat and sheep farms and cooperatives in the city. The number of meat and sheep raised has reached more than 5 million. Two processing and production lines with a slaughter scale of 1.3 million meat and sheep have also been built. Sheep herds are becoming the "leading sheep" for poverty alleviation in the local industry.
French finance minister says he will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and calls on Germany to follow suit
Paris, Sept. 26 (Reuters)-French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros (US$10.9 billion) next year and that Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive the sluggish economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Lemaire said the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing initiative has created an opportunity for member governments that can afford it to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs in the hope of stimulating economic recovery and driving up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not bring Europe back to prosperity. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough," Lemaire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, it needs it now, the sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation gets worse," he added.
He has repeatedly made this appeal to Germany.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has given a great boost to France's economic growth.
And the global economy has lost momentum, with the export-dependent German economy bearing the brunt.
Lemaire pointed out that the tax burden on French households will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate, which will be reduced from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of martyrs' mausoleums.
In order to thoroughly implement the important directive spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping and focus on promoting the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair, Management and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities".
The Programme of Work is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It sets out the objectives and tasks for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It proposes the planning and construction of martyrs' memorial facilities and the improvement of the red education base system for the promotion of the spirit of martyrs; the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities and the creation of a strong social atmosphere in which martyrs' honor and honor are borne in mind; and the management and maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities and the formation of a standardized and complete organizational safeguard and management system.
The Work Plan clearly stipulates that the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities should be strengthened, the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities should be effectively strengthened in accordance with the principle of overall arrangement and a long-term perspective, efforts should be made to improve the leadership institutional mechanism and improve the policy and regulatory system; quality improvement projects should be organized and implemented, facilities and equipment should be improved and service capacity should be strengthened; the content of exhibitions should be optimized, innovative presentation methods should be made and the overall effectiveness should be enhanced.
The Work Plan emphasizes that we should improve the system and organizational guarantee, strengthen organizational leadership, and establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and the broad participation of the community. We will focus on implementing the Law on the Protection of Heroic Martyrs, improving the legal and institutional system, and continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction and maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities. We will strengthen the construction of teams, introduce volunteer services, and encourage veterans, families of martyrs, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the interpretation of martyrs' memorial facilities and the maintenance of order. We will improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to the leadership and diversified investment of the government, and actively advocate and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Study: US National Healthy Eating Index increases slightly but still poses challenges-China News Network
NEW YORK, Sept. 27 (Xinhua) -- A recent study in the United States shows that the U.S. government's healthy eating index has increased moderately in the past 16 years, from 56 to 58.
But with a full score of 100, this is not worth celebrating.
American nationals still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts and one of the authors of the study, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause diseases such as heart disease, diabetes and obesity, which are the most common diseases among American nationals.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study was based on the findings of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the U.S. government from 1999 to 2016.
"Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors wrote.
It is reported that these challenges include getting American nationals to reduce their intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that people's intake of these unhealthy fats in their daily diet increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended intake ceiling of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the American national diet is the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar should be less than 10% in the daily diet.
As for the reasons for the decrease in sugar intake, the researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
There has been a small increase in the intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain foods by American adults.
However, data from 2016 show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt has decreased slightly and the decrease in drinking juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for as much as 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on biannual personal health surveys that allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's dietary guidelines for American residents recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
The guidelines point out that people should eat more nutrient-intensive foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the research period, the number of American nationals suffering from diabetes almost doubled to more than 7%. The obesity rate has also increased in many years during the research period-about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among American nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Binh, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and Minister of Economic Affairs of the Central Committee, led a delegation to attend the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum is "docking between the EU and Asia: building bridges for a sustainable future".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy between the two continents of the European Union.
Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, said that strengthening the docking is part of the above-mentioned idea because it brings benefits to the peoples and economies of the countries concerned.
The above-mentioned relationship will help bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believes that the EU wants to convey the message of increasing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of honor at the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary set up to use technology to empower management business
On the 26th, Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Financial Management Co. Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial science and technology. The establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks is conducive to their use of scientific and technological means to enhance their management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank issued separate announcements that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to set up a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Financial Management had been officially approved to open.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and took the lead in establishing Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and improve customers' sense of acquisition, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four pillars and eight pillars" for the development of China's financial science and technology, further enhance the ability of the financial industry to apply science and technology, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly increase the satisfaction of the people with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Management, introduced that the management platform of Everbright Financial Management will use intelligent investment, intelligent investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximin, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation facing the management industry, financial technology companies and management institutions will jointly explore a new growth path with management technology.
Financial science and technology to empower the management industry is not only the need of the transformation and development of financial science and technology itself, but will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of the management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new management technology system to enhance the product research and development and wind control capabilities of management with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system begins with four major capabilities: product design, sales transaction, asset management and risk assessment, and improves the overall intelligent operation level of the management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service ability and innovating rich products, management technology can also enhance risk prevention ability and improve management efficiency.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to have deviations in locating customers' risk preferences through questionnaires. Now, using artificial intelligence to portrait users is helpful to better locate customers, launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences and help defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and space-time data can help us better map the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while defusing risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities.
China's deepest railway tunnel shaft record set
Baoshan, China News Agency, September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu Weiguo Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the excavation of shaft No. 1 Of the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on the 27th. The depth of the well reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of the railway tunnel in China, which was set under the condition of a large influx of water.
The 34.5-kilometer-long Da Rui Railway Gao Ligongshan Tunnel is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gao Ligongshan Mountains from the west bank of the Nujiang River, making it the longest single-hole tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel passes through 19 fault zones and has a maximum depth of 1,155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that may be encountered in the construction of the tunnel, the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel is known as the "Geological Museum" for the construction of the tunnel.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel. It has the important task of increasing the operating surface to realize the "short hit of the long tunnel" and the ventilation of the later railway operation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 To the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gao Ligongshan Tunnel into horizontal tunnel construction. After the excavation of the vehicle yard at the bottom of the well and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces can be added underground to accelerate the excavation speed of the main hole of the tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation. Because there are more cracks in the granite formation, it can't stop the water. It keeps flowing from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure is as great as the depth of the well."
Shi Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Dari Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told the reporter that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud gushing and collapse. The builder invited experts to take the pulse on the spot and discussed the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water in the shaft is the largest, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the well, which is more than 700 meters deep, the water pressure is equivalent to the seabed at a depth of 700 meters."
Shi Jingzhao said, "If drainage is not pumped in time, the well will be flooded 10 meters in one hour. We spend almost 85% of our time treating water and 15% of our time digging in."
In order to overcome the geological difficulties such as the longitudinal joint development of the surrounding rock, mud gushing and water-rich granite in the No. 1 Shaft, the tunnel construction adopts a systematic water control measure combining "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of No. 1 Shaft has formed a mechanized assembly line such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system. It has realized the mechanized operation of the whole process such as eye-drilling, blasting, ballasting, template installation and concrete pouring, and accelerated the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
With a total length of 330 kilometers, the Dari Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road" construction.
When completed and opened to traffic, the travel time between Dali and Ruili will be shortened from the current six hours of the highway to two hours, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and play a role in promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly personnel exchanges between China and South Asian and Southeast Asian countries.
Lin Zhengyue: As a Chinese, I am proud of my country's achievements
Hong Kong press celebrates 70th anniversary.
The "Hong Kong Press Celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on 27th.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs. Carrie Lam, pointed out that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years have been witnessed by the world, and we are proud as Chinese.
Lin Zhengyue'e, Lu Xinning, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Song Ru'an, Deputy Special Commissioner of the Special Representative Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Yading, Deputy Political Commissar of the People's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, and Jiang Jaizhong, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Celebration Preparatory Committee, attended the reception and served as the main guests.
In her speech, Lin Zhengyue pointed out that China has made great strides in the past 70 years. Although it has faced many difficult challenges, it has overcome and surpassed them one by one. The achievements have been witnessed by the world, and we are proud as Chinese.
After returning to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, working together to make progress and share fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to exert its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and the Greater Bay Area of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that over the past few months, Hong Kong society has been in constant dispute, every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, I hope that friends in the press will continue to rise to the challenge, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news coverage for the community, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and for the community to return to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang Jae-chung pointed out that the glorious course of New China is also the course of Hong Kong's development with the motherland, common progress, blood ties, honor and disgrace.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together in harmony, watched and helped each other, and jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit, win-win and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there has been a series of violent activities in Hong Kong that blatantly violate the law and wantonly undermine social stability. Some media have published distorted and false reports, which have contributed to the violent activities.
He called on the media to raise awareness and create a good atmosphere for the people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media people should adhere to the professional norms of journalism, guide citizens to consciously sever their seats from violence with truthful reporting and responsible speech, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the guest of honor to send blessings to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City" from October 1, focusing on 15 uncivilized acts such as pedestrians not following the instructions of traffic lights and throwing objects out of buildings, listing the key management lists and setting up corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy director of the publicity department of the Xining Municipal Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, introduced that since Xining was awarded the title of a national civilized city in 2017, the civilized literacy and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians crossing the road, running red lights and non-motorized vehicles not following traffic lights; high-altitude parabola, car window parabola; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing defecation everywhere are still very prominent and easy to rebound and need to be solved as soon as possible.
In the light of the actual situation in Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and high standard requirements for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units from many aspects, such as public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental hygiene, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, the construction of civilized campuses, the promotion of civilized family construction, the execution of official duties, the commemoration of heroic martyrs and medical services, so that the whole society can understand "what can be done", "what can be advocated" and "what is prohibited".
"Formulating and issuing regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the cognitive field of civilized behavior, and comprehensively standardizing citizens' behavior, housekeeping, meals, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, marriage and mourning, etc., will provide a strong guarantee of the rule of law for the normalization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the Xining Municipal People's Congress, said.
Beijing Subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight-China News Network
New Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice saying that between September 27 and October 7, the extension of the last bus operation dates of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the delayed operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the early hours of the next day, with an average of one train per 10 minutes.
The operation time of Line 1 was extended by 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The departure time of the last train at all stations along the line was after 00:30 the next day. The operation time of Line 2 was extended by 81 minutes in the inner ring and 95 minutes in the outer ring. The departure time of the last train at all stations along the line was after 0:20 the next day, and the last train at Qianmen Station was opened at 00:50 the next day.
The departure time of the last train from Beijing West Station of Metro Line 7 (to the direction of Coking Plant Station) was extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the departure time of the last train from Coking Plant Station (to the direction of Beijing West Station) was extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist car keys fall into lake family trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took their two children to France for a holiday. As a result, they accidentally dropped their car keys into the lake. The family was forced to wait five days to get the new keys made by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It is reported that on September 16, local time, when the British family was visiting a lake in France, their daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them hours and they couldn't find the key.
And all their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before leaving, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage and then re-order the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourist finally got the key to the preparation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was canceled due to the loss of the car keys.
Saudi Arabia has officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia has officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Visitors must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi territory and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing visa at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic signature through visa. Visitaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is to enter the country more than once a year, and tourists can be allowed to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because the country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan, which aims to reduce the country's economy's long-term dependence on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism are important components of it.
Igor Liashenko, Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, paid a working visit to Xing'an Province, Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Party Secretary of Xing'an Province, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries and helps to promote the cooperative relations between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, Party Secretary of Xing'an Province, said that Xing'an Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises that invest in the province. He hoped that in the future, Belarus will take more strong measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an Province and Vietnam, and assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko expressed his gratitude to Xing'an Province for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and business activities in the near future.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot the notification commitment system in areas such as food production licenses for low-risk varieties, and delegate the handling authority of representative offices of foreign enterprises to the FTA
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a working memorandum and launched 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which are the first pilot in the country.
According to introduction, the notification commitment means that when the administrative organ handles the relevant licensing registration matters, it informs the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements stipulated in the laws and regulations at one time.
After the applicant has signed the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Area to pilot inform the commitment system in three areas, such as enterprise name registration, processing of food production licenses for simple processes, low-risk varieties, and approval of some measuring instruments, so as to make enterprise access more convenient.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. obtained the Food Production License on the spot by informing the promise on the 27th, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person-in-charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and also adopted the method of "accepting vacancies", that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some materials in accordance with the deadline agreed in the notification commitment, "effectively feeling the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production licenses is the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval link was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sample inspection, material examination, examination and approval and certification" to three links of "registration, acceptance, examination and approval and certification", and the completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to on-the-spot completion.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic outward orientation, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Area to facilitate enterprises to handle the matter nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization involved a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Area, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"11" Long holiday consumption small survey: choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
The reporter of Securities Daily recently launched a small survey on the "11th" holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 feedbacks received showed that although everyone's plans are different, "tourism + consumption" has become the key word of the "11th" holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback received by the reporter of Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "It is planned to take his family to Shanghai for a visit during the '11th' period. Disney is the first stop and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn." Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan. "A family of three set off on September 28 and planned a 10-day tour around the island." Miss Ma of Chongqing has planned an outbound tour to Singapore. Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose to travel on their own. He said, "My daughter is less than two years old and it is not convenient to go far away. She plans to drive herself to Shandong and spend a few days by the sea."
The "Report on Travel and Travel Trends of Residents during the 2019 National Day Golden Week" jointly released by Tong Cheng Yilong and Tong Cheng Tourism recently shows that there is a clear trend of consumption upgrading in the three subdivisions of travel, residence and travel during this year's National Day Golden Week.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the proportion of demand for star-rated hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the United States Mission showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and showed a diversified and upgraded trend of "eating, living and playing".
More young people travel in favor of high-quality and distinctive experiences. The enthusiasm of cultural tourism, night tourism and so on continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumer demand were also released centrally during the "Eleventh" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily, "The main plan for this year's '11th' is to buy a car."
In general, September and October of each year are known as the golden period for automobile sales, a staff member of a Beijing automobile brand 4S store told the Securities Daily.
During the "Eleventh" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as lottery, store reduction and so on.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models, and it is expected that the new products will have a more obvious boost to sales.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to meeting the needs at the spiritual level, and the proportion of consumption of services such as culture and education is increasing.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of a child, the consumption of culture and education has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year's 'Eleventh' is full. We are going to the 'Card' Planetarium and the Children's Theatre. We have arranged for several families to set up tents and camp at the Elk Museum on weekends. We have also arranged some audition experience classes."
Some industry insiders said that, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from survival-oriented consumption to development-oriented consumption and enjoyment-oriented consumption, of which a considerable part of the content of enjoyment-oriented consumption is the category of service-oriented consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the consumption needs at the spiritual level. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, in time for the "11th" National Day holiday, people are more willing to travel and spend, which can not only meet the consumption needs at the spiritual level, but also reflect the upgrading of residents' consumption.
In the afternoon, he began to be lonely and did not want to go out. He had not adjusted the state in which the children were not around.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana: Mom takes you out of the house.
I carefully wrote several things to do when I went out. The personality characteristics of type A blood became stronger and stronger, and I felt very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutritious granules, pay, buy raw fish slices, Nana's snacks.
These are the reasons for going out.
On the phone, I just said to my sister Aiji that thanks to Nana, otherwise there would be no excuse to buy snacks.
There was a few perfunctory smiles, saying that the child had called and hung up.
Nana jumped onto the assistant seat and got down honestly. She knew she was carsick, frightened and unwilling not to accompany me.
Her husband, Boo, rarely came back early.
After repeatedly admiring the delicious salad of salmon mixed with shea butter, he went to his bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Take a look at the plutonium on the wall. It was just 7 o'clock. The sunset in the country of sunrise was also early. It was already dark.
The circle of friends is inventing the moon. It turns out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends and left half to Boo. The rest was put in a favorite small flower bowl and brought out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes and she ate the skin, and I vomited the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, when the clouds are walking, the moon suddenly appears, and it is a bit dazzling when it is bright and dark.
All kinds of poems about the bright moon are surging in my mind, but I only clearly like this sentence: reunion every three or five years/full of light and jade bars/a round in the sky/all the names in the world look up.
Maybe we have given the moon too much emotion. For me now, in fact, that sentence of God to God and Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The color of the moon is the color of the moon, and the mood is yours.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon is cool.
With a slight snoring at her feet, Nana stood up and spread Nana's little blanket on the edge of her little house, on which Nana lay happily.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water ready?
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom lights and clatter open the glass.
No mooncakes, no alcohol.
The mascot was released at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The launch ceremony of the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a UAE national tree.
The press conference introduced the information of six mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifa, an 8-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo. The blue robot represents "mobility", the green robot represents "sustainability" and the yellow robot represents "opportunity".
An ancient bean tree, named "Salama", is the "old grandmother" of five "little guys", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo High Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of telling stories, show the creativity of local talents and express our ambitions and expectations."
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation and Director of the Dubai World Expo Bureau Lim al-Hashimi attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme of "communicating ideas and creating the future".
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduates on the basis of college entrance examination results
Recently, Germany's Anabin database, which is responsible for evaluating and certifying foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website: From 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for a German university degree on the basis of their college entrance examination results, without first having to register at a domestic university.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduates) at the domestic undergraduate level and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The release of the new rules may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants should meet the requirements of: completing 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtaining a high school diploma; participating in the college entrance examination and the college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750, it needs to reach more than 525 points), and it includes the requirements of two language scores and one mathematics or natural science score.
In addition, the requirements of specific majors for the results of the college entrance examination are different.
For example, to apply for majors such as medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine and pharmacy, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subject must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology, or participate in the science complex; to apply for a law major, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subject must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history and geography, or participate in the literature complex.
According to incomplete statistics, at present, many countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia, have recognized the results of China's college entrance examination.
Taking the United Kingdom as an example, universities such as the University of Cambridge, the University of Birmingham and the University of Leicester all accept Chinese students to apply for admission on the basis of college entrance examination results.
Military "machine dog" first takes performance class solar troupe: consider including the performance lineup.
The U.S. military funded the development of a "machine dog" for the battlefield, and may now be the first to appear on the circus stage!
Cirque du Soleil has said it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of applying robots to circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Power Technology Company released a promotional video of "four-legged robot Spot" on the 24th. The content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot that can carry a load of 14 kg and has the mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy that are highly adapted to cross-country terrain.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specifically developed only for Spot, and users can set up their own Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Power Technology first published the idea of a machine dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but has not yet really been put into commercial use.
However, Boston Power Technology pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the mass production stage, and most of the subscribers are mainly construction and energy operators.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics Technology. Cirque du Soleil said the project is still in the conceptual stage and is assessing the potential of Spot for use in the performance scene.
The Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World in the New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, vice-minister of the Central Propaganda Department and director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper focuses on issues such as "where China comes from and where it goes", "what kind of world China promotes to build" and "how a developing China can get along with the world", systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development direction, and expounds in depth China's relations with the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, earth-shaking changes have taken place in China, creating an unprecedented development miracle in the history of mankind. In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Party, China has made historic achievements and made historic changes in its development.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, great significance and world contribution of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper points out that China has taken decades to complete the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years. The total economic volume has jumped to the second largest in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have emerged from material shortages, generally reached a well-off level and enjoyed unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made a new world by starting from scratch, becoming self-reliant and working hard. Over the past 70 years, China has developed in its contacts and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world. Over the past 70 years, while realizing its self-development, China has made contributions to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road that seeks common development in opening up, and a road that governs the country in an all-round way according to law.
China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and in line with the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright development prospects as the times progress.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that realizing the prosperity and strength of the country, the revitalization of the nation and the well-being of the people is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and driving force of world economic growth. Opening up to the outside world in all directions creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods to the international community. China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "national strength and hegemony".
In the face of the question of the era of "what happened to the world and what mankind did", the white paper points out that today's world is in a great change that has not been seen in a century. Human society is full of both hope and challenges.
China has proposed building a community of human destiny, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation and sharing, and providing new options for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, safeguard the international system with the United Nations at its core, promote the exchange of civilizations and mutual learning, jointly promote the construction of a community of human destiny and build a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to win-win cooperation and common development, adhered to maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developed the global partnership, firmly supported multilateralism, safeguarded international fairness and justice, promoted the high-quality development of building a "one belt, one road" together, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era, China's determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, its determination to learn from each other and win-win cooperation with other countries will not change, and its determination to work hand in hand with the world will not change.
Finally, the white paper points out that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been as closely linked as they are now.
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" consists of the foreword, body and conclusion, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese. It is published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House respectively and distributed in Xinhua Bookstores all over the country.
Did MCA play in the by-election for the parliamentary seat of Tanjung Biai in Johor?
MCA President Dato' Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "Discussion by the Supreme Council of the National Front!"
The by-election of Tanjung Biai is imminent. Whether Ma Hua of the BN member party will play in this traditional national seat is a matter of concern.
However, after the meeting of the Central Committee of MCA, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether the traditional MCA seat would continue to be handed over to MCA or replaced by other member parties.
Wei Jiaxiang told the media after presiding over the meeting of the Central Committee of Ma Hua on Thursday afternoon that any by-election will be conducted by the National Front in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), that is, it will have to pass the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front before it can be finalized.
He said that as the Election Committee will not meet until next Monday (1) to finalize the by-election of Tanjung Biai, the meeting of the BN Supreme Council is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met with BN President Dato' Seri Ahmad Zahi. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the League of Hope."
"We have finalized a special BN leadership meeting in early October, and the leaders of the three BN parties will determine which member party will play."
Asked whether MCA would insist on taking the traditional seat to the BN Supreme Council, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that, as president of MCA, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures, so any decision must reach the consensus of the BN.
"In any by-election, some people are willing to go out, some political parties and some parties think they should come out, which is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance are we from?"
"This is a great test for us to form a political alliance over the years. We believe that the BN has come all the way with some valuable values."
"It's not surprising that someone might say something in the process."
"However, once the BN Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone must make every effort to prepare for the war. That is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that MCA will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung Biai by-election at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Joint Committee and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by Dato' Seri Huang Zhisheng, Chairman of the District Council (Danjung Biai); the State Council will be led by Dato' Lin Peixing, Acting Chairman of the Juzhou Joint Committee; and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by Dato' Ma Hanshun, Acting President of the General Council, and Dato' Zhang Shengwen, General Secretary."
On Saturday (21), Dato' Mohamed Farley, Member of Parliament of the Aboriginal Solidarity Party Tanjung Biai, died of heart problems at the stupid government hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was ordered to "volunteer to patrol the mountains" for hunting wild animals
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan (RMB, same as below) for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources.
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, thus realizing the organic unity of legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Procurator-General of Baokang County Procuratorate, introduced on the 27th that through three months of "compulsory mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou Mou has established deep feelings with wild macaques and deeply blamed himself for previous animal hunting.
On June 21 this year, a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit filed by the Baokang County Procuratorate in the field of ecological resources was publicly tried in the county court and handed down in court.
The defendant, Zhou Mou, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, four years' probation and a fine of 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid on the cliff in late January 2014 and hunted more than 20 wild animals, including spotted antelope, small muntjac and hairy-crowned deer.
The spotted antelope is a national second-class endangered wild animal. The small muntjac and hairy-crowned deer are listed in the National Land Wildlife Conservation List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for the cost of ecological restoration: that is, Zhou provided public welfare labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration by carrying out the domestication and management of macaques, compulsory mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaque protection area for one year.
With regard to the prosecutor's proposal, the court accepted and agreed that Zhou, while carrying out the suspended sentence, would actively fulfill the obligation of "alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs".
At present, Zhou has been volunteering for three months in the macaque reserve, patrolling the mountains actively and performing well.
In recent years, the Procuratorate of Baokang County has organically integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically using supervision methods such as procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision, and using judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
The United Nations presents the "Champions of the Earth Award" for "Ant Forest"
In warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, head of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, a user representative, stepped onto the podium and took over the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Champions of the Earth Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Champions of the Earth Award" award ceremony was held in New York, United States, on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which uses mobile phone small programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions, won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but people attending the award ceremony on the same day were still unable to hide their excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Inge Annosheng, said that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that allows hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges facing mankind and what humans can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a great impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Gold Service) on Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" through low-carbon actions such as recording green travel in their daily lives in "Ant Forest" and paying water and electricity bills online, and "plant trees" in their mobile phones.
Every time users form a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in a desertified area.
By August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users had reduced their carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Champions of the Earth Award" presented on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene, "which can inspire so many people to participate in green action, which is impressive".
Jing Xiandong, chairman and chief executive officer of Ant Gold Service, said that the "Champions of the Earth Award" is a recognition of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life, an honor that belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that "Ant Forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years. The goal of "Ant Forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come more from green mountains and green waters.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it also hopes to help farmers increase their income through agricultural product development projects, e-commerce platforms and so on.
The public welfare and environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used as a reference by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through a low-carbon life.
According to introduction, GCash will work with the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines, environmental public welfare organizations and others to plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The "Champions of the Earth Award" is the highest award in the field of environmental protection in the United Nations and is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award. It is the third consecutive year that the green innovation project from China has won the "Incentive and Action Award" award after the builder of the Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Qiancun Demonstration and Wancun Rehabilitation" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The "report card" of the US economy in the second quarter of this year shows that the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) has slowed significantly compared with the previous quarter due to the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts point out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring are the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the revised data previously released, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data show that consumption growth became the main factor supporting the growth of the US economy in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total US economy, increased by 4.6% year-on-year in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment boosted economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter compared with the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell by 5.7% compared with the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of Einside Macroeconomic Consulting, said that instead of maintaining the growth momentum of last year, private sector investment has fallen sharply because economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty have hit business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditure is expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, head of the survey and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said recently that in a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, a new high in a year and a half.
With regard to the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
Kathleen Birch, a global economist at the British Economist Intelligence Unit, predicts that in the future, the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend since this year and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, predicts that, assuming that economic and trade frictions do not continue to escalate, the growth rate of the US economy will be 2.3% this year and will slow further to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of Patnam Investments, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than it is now.
Matt Melly, stock strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade frictions remain the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to affecting the direction of the US capital market for the rest of this year.
Ningxia is the first couple to take joint parental leave. Parents of children between the ages of 0 and 3 can take 10 days a year
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were passed by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated at the provincial level in Ningxia to comprehensively and systematically protect the legitimate rights and interests of women. It will be formally implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the "Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women" in Ningxia in 2007. They are divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights and interests, labor and social security rights and interests, property rights and interests, personal rights, marriage and family rights and interests, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for husband and wife, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Children Under the Age of 3" promulgated by the General Office of the State Council has a relevant description for couples to jointly raise children.
In the process of amending the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed to "encourage employers to grant 10 days of joint parental leave to both spouses each year between the ages of 0 and 3 for couples who have children in accordance with the laws and regulations".
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the compilation of personality rights in China's current Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the frequent and vicious incidents of sexual assault against girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, becoming a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and deal with the common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, so as to provide solid institutional support for women to defend their rights.
In addition, in response to the social hotspot issue of gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest practical experience of joint interviews to strengthen the punishment of illegal acts of gender discrimination and more vigorously safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, together with the Public Prosecution and Law Department and civil affairs departments, have been promoting and introducing social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and the fight against domestic violence, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and promote this. A number of laws and regulations encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia Xing'an League Academician Yuan Longping workstation salt-and alkali-tolerant rice per acre yield rice broke thousands of kilograms
The reporter learned from the administrative office of the Xing'an League in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that good news came from the "On-site Measurement and Acceptance Council of Salt-and-alkali-tolerant Rice at the Work Station of Academician Yuan Longping of the Xing'an League" held recently. The average yield of salt-and-alkali-tolerant rice exceeded 1,000 kilograms per acre.
A production measurement expert group composed of six experts from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Heilongjiang Province, Yangzhou University and the Agricultural and Rural Department of Hunan Province sampled and harvested the "Xing salt series" rice on the spot.
After expert evaluation, on land with a pH of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 to 6, the average yield of salt-and alkali-tolerant rice reached 508.8 kg per acre.
Wang Shigang, executive director of the workstation of Academician Yuan Longping of the Xing'an League, said, "Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, so as to re-cultivate and optimize salt-and alkali-tolerant rice varieties so that the quality is better and the yield is higher."
Lai Yongcai, vice-president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences, head of the expert group on production measurement, said, "On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I think that by continuously strengthening the scientific and technological breakthrough, salt-and alkali-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline and alkaline land."
Xing'an League belongs to the special hardship area concentrated in the southern foothills of Daxing'anling.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's workstation was unveiled at the Xing'an League.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to accelerate the introduction and popularization of the newly cultivated "salt-and-alkali-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technology, build a 960-acre salt-and-alkali-tolerant rice base in the center of the right wing of Korqin, adopt the technical route of experiment and demonstration while popularizing, and help the local poor to increase production, increase income and lift themselves out of poverty.
This on-site measurement of salt-and-alkali-tolerant rice production not only injects hope for the upgrading of Xing'an League salt-and-alkali medium-and low-yield fields to medium-and high-yield fields, but also provides a scientific basis for rice cultivation in saline-and alkali-tolerant areas under the same conditions in China.
After a marathon debate and weeks of protests, Australia's new state passed an abortion legalization bill on September 26, local time, the Australian Network reported.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks, and there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill.
According to the report, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by a vote of 26 to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest-running bill in the New State Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the New State House of Representatives, abortion in the New State was legalized.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and, if two doctors agree, also allows a woman to have an abortion later in pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th. Doctors can seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing abortions for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendments passed by the Senate include that doctors must provide appropriate care for infants who survive the termination of pregnancy.
Previously, New State Governor Berejiklian had faced public criticism from conservatives over the bill. Berejiklian had intervened several times to gain more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
"I need to take the time to run the whole new state," Berejiklian defended her absence from the vote.
It is reported that Australian Liberal MP Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, threatened to withdraw from the new state government because of the bill, and said the bill triggered a "government crisis".
But after that, Davis made concessions.
"The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more safeguards for women and doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, Barilaro, the leader of Australia's New State National Party, said he was proud to be part of a government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a crime and women who have abortions will not be treated as criminals."
Major projects of Sanyi Group are located in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, we will focus on the development of oil intelligent equipment and intelligent steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and the Sanyi Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sanyi Group invested 15 billion yuan to develop industrial projects such as intelligent steel industry, oil intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base) and second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery in Zhuzhou. The combined annual output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, the Sanyi Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project will be located in Hetang District. It will focus on creating the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even in the center. It will also be the intelligent manufacturing and processing center for metal structural parts of Sanyi Group. With a total investment of 5 billion yuan, the oil intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base) project will be located in Qingshuitang. It will focus on building an oil intelligent equipment production base and building a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Sanyi Group will also build a second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery in Qibo Garden, Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in areas such as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to the cooperation with the Sanyi Group.
The city has listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 Project" of attracting investment in the city this year. Under the leadership of Mao Tengfei, Secretary of the Municipal Committee, and Yang Weiguo, Mayor, a special coordination group has been set up to efficiently dock and advance at a high level. The whole process provides high-quality and efficient services for the development of the Sanyi Group in Zhuzhou. From intentional contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, it took less than 100 days.
Finance Minister Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state capital to enrich the social security fund.
Finance Minister Liu Kun said on the 27th that so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting of transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the SASAC on the same day.
"The transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic endowment insurance system. It is a full embodiment of the universal sharing of the development results of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic endowment insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for Transferring Some State-owned Capital to Enhance the Social Security Fund", which requires the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the pre-transfer work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, the transfer of a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions has been completed in three batches, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions that the Ministry of Finance performs the duties of donors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work of enterprises has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, transferring state-owned capital of 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out the preparatory work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the next step in the implementation of the transfer.
According to a notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission, the transfer of some state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made specific arrangements for the full roll-out of the transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work time is tight and the task is heavy."
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; solidly promote the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; and strengthen communication and coordination to solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund-starting from the starting point of "enriching the money bag of the social security fund", the aim is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but the opening of "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of People's Social Affairs, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Full Launch of the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", clarifying the timetable for the transfer of State-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the transfer of some State-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund by the central and local governments will be fully launched in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of the shares held in ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund, with the total value of the two shares transferred exceeding 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the Social Security Foundation and other undertakers, as financial investors, enjoy the right to income, disposal and information of the state-owned equity transferred.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that the similar equity transfer of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The first step in the transfer of some state-owned capital to social security, the "addition result", can naturally reflect that state-owned enterprises are owned by the whole people and the development results are shared by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, leading enterprises continue to achieve excellence and strength.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully launch the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that, together with relevant departments and in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, it will do a good job in fully launching the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the intergenerational equity of the basic endowment insurance system and the sharing of the development results of state-owned enterprises by all.
The second step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure. This time, as the transferred main body, most of the state-owned funds have the ability to make continuous profits and dividends, which can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of living water for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the deposit ratio of basic endowment insurance for enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to add a stabilizer to the capital market.
This transfer of the main body to obtain income is "dividend-based, operation-based".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund does mainly obtain equity dividend income.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has strong capital operation ability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in holding shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, be conducive to improving the business level of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as an investment vane, the increase of the shareholding weight of the social security fund is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and playing the role of a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18 and studied under Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted in the form of not publishing works in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he wrote the symphony Miserae and dedicated the work to "my sleeping friends".
In 1935, the symphony was first performed in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartmann was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto, the manuscript of which was stolen from Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto played by the Berne Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate approves Scalia as labor minister-Xinhua.com
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The Senate of the United States Congress voted on September 26 to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Minister of Labour.
The vote was 53 in favor and 44 against, with no Democrat voting for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's resume makes him well suited to serve as labor minister.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long been on the opposite side of workers and unions in her career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then labor minister, announced his resignation in July after being accused of "lenient treatment" of Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a well-known law firm in the United States. His father is the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is a cabinet-level department of the United States federal government responsible for labor-related matters.
On the same day, the White House also issued a statement saying that Trump had nominated Peter Geithner, Acting Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other emergencies in the United States and follow-up matters.
Since the first appearance of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a major military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" square of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day parade is the first appearance of the Rocket Army on Chang'an Street after the change from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the command team of the rocket army equipment team, said.
The missile forces under review fully carry forward the spirit of special hardship, special combat and special dedication. They strictly conduct detailed training and scientific group training. The whole process of military parade training embodies three characteristics, shows a good image of the strategic service and pays more attention to strict style.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers are strictly required by standards and forge a strong style that is vigorous and prohibited.
They also pay attention to promoting the spirit of artisans, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance and style, forming the characteristics of "strong military posture, fast movement and bright answers", constantly using strict style to create a majestic missile square, paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic service, it is a fine tradition and advantage for the Rocket Army to talk about science and technology and attach importance to innovation.
In this military parade training, on the basis of drawing on past experience, they broke the mindset, broke through the traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefit, ensuring that the combination of people and vehicles is not bad, the actions of the square team are not bad, and the actual combat standards are more docked.
The rocket troops under review adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold every gate and keep an eye on every detail, let the troops under review undergo quenching and hammering, and truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination ground to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran has been confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of Iran's nuclear agreement
On September 27, according to the "Central News Agency", the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement by using advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, keeping the stockpile of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium not exceeding 3.67%, and has now made further moves.
Under the nuclear agreement, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is allowed to use only a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in making nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency states: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges of models 2 and 3... is accumulating or is ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to Member States on the 26th. A diplomatic official responded, "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam and South Korea was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam and South Korea, said that VKBIA will work together to serve as a bridge to strengthen relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries aim to increase two-way trade to US$100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the Association is an important step towards achieving the above-mentioned goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the government and relevant functional institutions in South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, Deputy Ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for Vietnamese and South Korean entrepreneurs to exchange and share experiences and ideas, with the aim of expanding the space for investment cooperation, helping each other to make a more effective contribution to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economic cause, and contributing to the vigorous development of Vietnam-South Korea trade relations.
At the ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Association of Farmers and Agricultural Enterprises of Vietnam.
VKBIA coincides with the commemoration of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea and is born against the background that the two countries are strengthening practical cooperation in the fields of foreign affairs, national defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of reaching US$100 billion in two-way trade by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, minister of education in Italy's new government and a member of the Five Star Movement, has submitted a motion to parliament recommending that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on sugary drinks, snacks and air tickets.
It is reported that according to the bill motion proposed by Education Minister Fiola Monti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on food commodities that endanger health, such as sugary drinks and snacks. At the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on air tickets, 1 euro on domestic flights and 1.5 euro on international classes.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government expects to receive 3 billion in tax revenue.
The proceeds from the tax will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said he thought it was a viable solution, while Italian MP, European MP and Alliance leader Salvini tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to hide desserts, biscuits, bread and candy as soon as possible because the new government is going to start imposing a snack tax.
The report points out that the snack tax generally refers to a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of the tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Ottawa, September 26 (reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made remarkable achievements, not only profoundly changing the face of China, benefiting its own people, but also producing far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has pioneered a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch the photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and made an important contribution to the promotion of world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations centered on the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, benefiting the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development history of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can the relations between the two countries move forward on the right track.
On the contrary, the relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations have encountered serious difficulties, and the responsibility does not lie with China.
"The bell must be ringed".
We hope that Canada will come up with appropriate solutions to the outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for the two countries' relations to return to the right track.
More than 700 Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students attended the reception.
Chen Mingjian, Public Staff of the Chinese Embassy in Canada, and Xiaojun, Public Staff, and other embassy diplomats attended the reception.
At the reception, a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive literary and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, the 16th Chinese Ambassador to Canada, has appeared in a public event since taking up his new post.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and submitted a copy of his credentials to the Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Chief Protocol Officer of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wheeler, in Ottawa the next day.
Born in May 1967, Cong Peiwu graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Before his visit to Canada, he served as Director of the North America and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He had previously served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi City of Vietnam strives to expand cooperative relations with various parts of Laos
Mr. Nguyen Dezhong reviewed the meaningful exchange of delegation visits between the two sides and affirmed that these activities helped to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Feng Weihan.
Mr. Nguyen De Jong hopes that Ambassador Tong Sha Wan will continue to play a good role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tong Shawan said that Laos has learned and learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences and is impressed by the breakthrough development made by Hanoi City and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tong Shawan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi Municipal Government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam and believed that despite the fluctuation of the global situation, the relations between Vietnam and Laos will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen De Jong will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to make a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, the city of Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission to ASEAN held a reception on the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
More than 1,000 people attended the reception, including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, missions in ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of Chinese overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, and award-winning young children's painting contestants on the theme "I and China".
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission to ASEAN, Xiao Qian said that the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of clothing and food to all-round well-being, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress. The political mutual trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has been continuously promoted, exchanges in various fields have been expanded in an all-round way, and the China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has been stable and far-reaching.
China-ASEAN relations have continuously improved and upgraded, always adhering to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoting regional peace, stability and prosperous development.
Xiao Qian said that the root of the development and change of New China in the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have pioneered and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a powerful road that works well, goes right and goes well.
The picture shows "thematic tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to jointly promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to both sides, to the region and to the world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the brilliant achievements of New China in 70 years and reflecting China-Indonesia, China-ASEAN relations.
The video, divided into three parts: "China's brilliant development achievements", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-reaching" and "China-ASEAN relations are qualitatively upgraded", won warm applause from the whole audience.
The reception also featured a "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China", which attracted guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi team opens trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of Robotaxi, a self-driving taxi team, was officially opened.
The first batch of 45 "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi vehicles jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag began trial operation in the part of Changsha that has been opened for testing.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to the Apollo official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to try out the experience.
An experiential passenger said that he sat in the back row of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat and opened the vehicle's self-driving itinerary with one click.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the course of driving, vehicles can intelligently change lanes according to road conditions. They can also judge the driving conditions of surrounding vehicles and automatically avoid situations such as overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see the change of traffic lights and waiting time in front of you in advance. All the road conditions are clear at a glance.
Driverless had heard on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it feels amazing to find it in our lives.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses from the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, the open road of automatic driving test in Changsha passes through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Science and Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Dawang Mountain and Gaoxin District. The total length has reached 135 kilometers, and the demonstration area has reached 70 square kilometers. At present, it is the longest road mileage and the largest area in China, covering the most complex scenes and the most advanced intelligent driving demonstration area with the most advanced road coordination infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the pilot road of the Apollo Robotaxi team in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers, and it is planned to cover 135 kilometers of roads currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Women's volleyball winner Lang Ping is still dissatisfied: it will be difficult to play a strong team with so many mistakes
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup, against the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. In the end, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3-1, ushering in the ninth consecutive victory of the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
However, after the match, the head coach of the women's volleyball team, Lang Ping, expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third inning.
"In the third inning, the other side strengthened the aggressiveness of the service. Some of us (one pass) were not in place and could not attack the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told the players to be focused, the first pass was not in place, we had to adjust and attack well, and we had to play defense with each other."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack, was more anxious, wanted to kill the ball too much, and the action would be deformed.
I hope she will be patient. "We all give her protection."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
(70 Years of New China) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid increase of China's comprehensive national strength and international influence, some people in the world fear that China will follow the path of "national strength and hegemony". Some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory".
This has not only cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudices, but also the psychological imbalance brought about by the growth of power, as well as deliberate distortions to safeguard their own vested interests.
It is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries to realize the prosperity and strength of the country, the revitalization of the nation and the happiness of the people.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge."
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new momentum into world economic growth, and the role of the stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the growth momentum of the world economy is insufficient. A sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New types of industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization have been accelerated, the economic structure has been deeply adjusted, industrial optimization has been continuously upgraded, and new economic growth points have been emerging.
"According to the research report of the McKinsey Global Institute, by 2040, the integration of China and other economies in the world is expected to create an economic value of US$22 trillion to US$37 trillion, equivalent to 15-26% of the total global economy. The strengthening of cooperation between other economies in the world and China will create great economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with a more stable economic operation, higher growth quality and promising growth prospects, is a long-term good for the development of the world economy.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to regard China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge" and try to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain to "delink" China from the world economy.
The white paper points out that all-round opening to the outside world creates more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a mutually beneficial and win-win opening-up strategy and realizes a stronger and higher level of opening-up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale benefits more countries.
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
Mutual benefit can last for a long time."
The white paper says that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, relaxing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening the protection of intellectual property rights. Other countries should also expand opening-up, take corresponding measures and strive to improve their business environment.
Only if all parties move towards each other can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
These include promoting high-quality joint construction of the "Belt and Road", building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community and has never forgotten to give back to the international community and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
In a recent written interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slipniov, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russia's exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a considerable proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
Referring to the optimization of Russia's export structure to China, Slipniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from all countries and regions of the world, including China.
Next, Russia will improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slipniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with their Western counterparts.
Referring to the goal of the two countries to achieve a bilateral trade volume of US$200 billion by 2024, Slipniov said that the fields of agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these fields and promote the export of deep-processing products.
He stressed that Russia intends to push its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemical industry are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries".
Slipniov said that the Russian Export Center, through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank, is taking various measures and services to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new categories of export products to China.
There has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB to pay globally.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by SWIFT in London on the 26th shows that from July 2017 to July 2019, there is a clear trend of an increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay globally.
At the 2019 annual meeting of the World Bank Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT) in London, the organization released the "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" entitled "Insighting the Renminbi from a London Perspective", which showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay worldwide increased by 11.31%, and the number increased from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the RMB's share in the global payment currency was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
According to the report data, in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London is firmly in the first place in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, compared with 12.93% in the United States and 7.67% in France.
Foreign Ministry responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": surreptitious self-degrading
In response to the recent entry of Taiwanese personnel into the United Nations Headquarters to attend meetings related to religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th, saying that this small move is very ignominious and ridiculous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwanese media reports, members of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to attend a conference on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations. It was not a meeting of the United Nations at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan personnel infiltrated the United Nations in a surreptitious manner, self-degrading, and exaggerated that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". This small move was very ignominious and ridiculous.
He pointed out that the United Nations side has repeatedly reiterated that it adheres to the handling of the Taiwan issue in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and the general membership of the United Nations also adheres to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerates upgrading of dairy industry structure-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot September 27 (reporter An Lumon) The reporter learned from the government of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that Hohhot has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Erie and Mengniu are among the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as Erie Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and made every effort to build an "upgraded version of China's dairy capital".
The dairy industry is the traditional dominant industry in Hohhot. Relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, the scale of the dairy industry in Hohhot has expanded rapidly and the rate of large-scale farming has been increasing.
In 2018, the large-scale dairy farming rate in the city reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrialization chain, and the total sales income of Erie and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot has issued "Some Opinions on Building an Upgraded Version of China's Dairy Capital" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)". Around the goal of taking the lead in achieving dairy manufacturing 4.0, it has implemented the "Five Upgrading" plan for the construction of a high-quality milk source base, the linking of the interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-class leading enterprises, the cultivation of clusters of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprises and the innovation of the internationalization of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will accelerate the landing of two projects with an investment of 100 billion yuan, namely Erie Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, so as to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the median exchange rate of the Vietnamese dong against the US dollar was raised by 5 Vietnamese dong
Under the condition that the exchange rate fluctuation range is +/-3%, the exchange rate ceiling of each bank's US dollar against the dong today is 23854 dong and the lower limit is 22,465 dong.
The bank's RMB purchase price and sale price were 3,211 dong and 3,295 dong respectively, down 1 dong respectively from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the purchase price and sale price of US dollars at 23131 Vietnamese dong and 23271 Vietnamese dong respectively, down 2 Vietnamese dong respectively from the previous trading day.
The bank's Renminbi purchase price and sale price were 3,193 Vietnamese guilders and 3,326 Vietnamese guilders respectively, down 1 guilders and 2 Vietnamese guilders respectively from the previous trading day.
The "Good Story of China" database is online to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China
The "China Good Story" database, an innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and disseminating a good Chinese voice", was officially launched today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "Good Story of China" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the scene of "America and the United States-the online launch of the 'Good Story of China' database" filmed on September 27.
On that day, the "China Good Story" database, an innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and disseminating a good Chinese voice", was officially launched to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Open the database of "China's Good Story", a picture of ink fish with a long artistic conception unfolds slowly, opening up a treasure house of Chinese stories across time and space for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories. From the traditional story of "faithfully reporting to the country" and "foolishly moving mountains" to the story of the new era of "I will not have me" and "never forget my first heart", thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers to show the "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The story library brings together five categories of "1+4" thematic stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first commentator of the Chinese story". The "Learning" section focuses on the story of Xi Jinping, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping's dictionary and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping. It provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the principle of governing the country behind the story. There are four story categories such as "governing the country", "striving for a dream", "Chinese culture" and "win-win cooperation". It revolves around the story of the Chinese Communist Party governing the country, the story of the Chinese people's dream of struggle, the story of the vast and profound Chinese culture and the story of China's adherence to peaceful development and win-win cooperation. It is fascinating and thought-provoking, and shows the charm of the times of the Chinese story in all aspects.
The reporter learned from the "United States and the Communist Party of China-the online launch of the 'Good Story of China' database" held in Beijing today that the "Good Story of China" database has opened a website in Chinese and English and a mobile phone client.
The website has comprehensive content, rich functions and stylish design. The whole media shows wonderful stories.
The mobile phone client highlights the voice function of artificial intelligence, adapts to the trend of mobile communication, and provides users with a "Good Story of China" player with them.
In order to facilitate inquiry and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of China's intelligent search technology. It provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search and label search. It is convenient, fast and easy to find and use.
The "Good Story of China" database has also set up a special content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for more than 10 first-time occupants such as the SASAC.
Demonstrations slam President's ouster in Egypt as authorities show strong crackdown
Twitter-themed labels and social media are strongly advocating that Egyptians take to the streets today to peacefully appeal to President Sessi to step down.
But the authorities have made it clear that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since Sessi, then head of the military, seized power in a military coup in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be in extreme danger.
The Guardian reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests last weekend calling for Sessi to step down.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Sessi and his family's squandering of public money in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of Internal Affairs took a firm stand yesterday, saying that any attempt to destabilize the country will be met decisively and will not be soft.
The center of Cairo has long been heavily guarded, with riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police everywhere on the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained a number of important scholars and social sages on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "I have no doubt that the continuation of the absolute rule of Sessi will cause disaster."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, a former spokesman for Anand, Egypt's former military chief of staff, was detained.
Anand was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sessi for the presidency.
Davud, chairman of the Constitutional Party, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that, at a time when the economic predicament of the poor and middle class is intensifying, the sweep of dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Opposition leader Ayman Nour, who once ran for the presidency, said: "The arrests highlight the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how scared it is."
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political repression, Sessi is trying to send a clear message to key generals and politicians who may replace him."
Noel pointed out that under the premise that the socio-economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-handed approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently in exile in Spain, a former Egyptian military construction contractor, began uploading a series of films earlier this month, claiming to have benefited from government corruption, triggering a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said his company, Amrak General Contracting, did not have to go through the legal bidding process to get a lucrative contract, stressing the corruption of the military and Sessi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply remorseful that he had been involved in it.
Ali claimed that he helped the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels in Sesigai, in sharp contrast to the current destitute life of Egyptians, and that the other party has not yet paid.
On Twitter, thematic labels such as "Stand Up You're Not Alone", "Cessy You're Dead", "Cessy Get Out" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets calling on people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand Cessy's ouster.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amavik has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sessi is doomed... he is finished, and those who support him are now going to make a big mistake."
Hong Kong government launches free special training scheme to help recently economically affected employees overcome difficulties
The HKSAR Government announced on the 27th that it has launched a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK$4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in the Harbour City of Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, have few customers.
Under the influence of the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has fallen sharply recently. In addition to the tourism industry, the hotel, catering, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr. Lo Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr. Yau Teng-wah, met with the media on commissioning the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programs and measures to support the tourism sector.
Luo Zhiguang described that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy are imminent and should not wait until the situation is calm to start work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched this free training program called "Special Love Value Added".
According to the introduction, people who have lost their jobs since June 1 or have been asked by their employers to take unpaid leave will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that the relevant courses are very wide-ranging. The most important part is the training of "vocational skills", which covers 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses, as well as cross-industry "general skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge and that the scheme is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants in the Scheme will receive a special allowance as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and have an attendance rate of 80%. The maximum monthly allowance for each participant is HK$4,000.
According to introduction, the training course lasts two to three months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. Members of the public can read the daily newspaper from October 3 to March 31 next year. Each person can report up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome difficulties.
These measures include relaxing funding for the Tourism Council, subsidizing 6,000 tour guides to renew their licenses for courses, and exempting travel agents from annual fees.
Is exercise tiring and brain-tiring?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes shows that after high-intensity exercise, the brain also shows signs of fatigue.
The study, led by Marseilles Percigrion, an expert at the Pitier-Salpetriere Hospital in France, shows that there is an inconspicuous link between mental and physical labor: both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to control the autonomous process that forces you to stop when your muscles and joints are in pain," Percigrion explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, that is, an uncontrollable sense of fatigue after high-load exercise, an inability to recover and a decline in performance.
INSEP raises a question: Will part of the cause of this condition be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental labor?
The study was published in the journal Contemporary Biology.
Recently, the exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Museum of Fine Arts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse", Qi Baishi's "Long Years of Peace", Li Ke dye's "Wanshanhong is dyed all over the forest", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Zhongli's "Father" and Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of Zusun" are more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classics of more than 20 important art galleries in China.
"A magnificent picture of the great journey-an exhibition of art works to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" richly and multidimensionally shows the magnificent great journey and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, as well as the unremitting fighting spirit of the Chinese people and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into one preface and four chapters.
The exhibition has a huge scale and a collection of famous works. The exhibition displays more than 480 works, covering many kinds of art such as Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor water powder, New Year paintings and propaganda paintings. It focuses on the classic works in the collection of the China Art Museum and brings together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, more than 130 new works on realistic themes just completed by the "National Thematic Art Creation" organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism were also displayed for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the China Museum of Fine Arts mobilized all the exhibition space of the museum for the first time. In addition to the three-storey exhibition hall in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and an exhibition pattern corresponding to the inside and outside was formed through the exhibition design.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the China Art Museum was closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day". This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The Tourism Bureau has arranged a series of activities, including receiving lucky travelers and traditional pallet competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was also held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Mr. Tam Junrong, and others attended to participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of the Tourism Bureau, Wen Qihua, and the Deputy Director, Xu Yaoming, and other leaders and relevant supervisors went to Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky travelers of "World Tourism Day".
The family of Mr. Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand, has become a lucky tourist this year. He said that he comes to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a tourist destination suitable for a large and small family. He can enjoy the cuisine of Macau and visit the urban areas of Macau during weekend holidays.
Macau's tourist mascot, "Mai Mai" robot, was also present to welcome visitors. The tourist information desk under the Tourism Bureau also arranged for souvenirs to be given to visitors all day.
The traditional pallet competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. It gathered nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau. It coincided with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. The participants arranged a digital "20" group photo at the Big Sanba Pavilion before departure to add joy to the event.
Some contestants also wear special costumes that match the theme of the return.
Each contestant carried a tray carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" across the street of "Macau Historic City" and sent the beer safely to the front of the terminal pavilion at the fastest speed. The process was tense and exciting. Along the way, it attracted a large number of tourists to stop and take pictures and even cheer for the contestants, showing the tourism charm of Macau.
The men's champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Jinsha City Centre of Macau; the women's champion was Ye Xiaojing of Jiajing Group; and the winners of the most special clothing awards were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel.
On the evening of the same day, the Tourism Bureau invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, representatives of the industry and the media, to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
At the dinner, Mr. Tam said that the tourism industry in Macau has been developing rapidly in the past 20 years. However, at present, in the face of the continuous changes in external environmental factors, the industry is encouraged to innovate its thinking, build on the successes achieved, move forward, adjust its strategies and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of the tourism industry in Macau.
At the same time, with the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", the dinner arranged for Macao singers to sing the local original congratulatory return song "Lian Cheng Family", as well as a number of performances presented by six large tourism enterprises that fit the theme of the return, showing the diverse tourism and leisure elements of Macao and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day", with the aim of promoting the international community's awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central bank launches 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (Reporter Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of interest rate tender on September 27.
Due to the expiration of 40 billion yuan in reverse repurchase on that day, the People's Bank of China realized a net return of 10 billion yuan in reverse repurchase operation.
The central bank announced that it would launch a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a duration of 14 days and a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out the 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor), released on the 27th, showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the seven-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as that of the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" more at ease-visit Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
No matter where you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first public welfare short film on consular protection of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was launched. The sentence at the end of the short film resonated with the vast number of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency that the short film aims to further make the people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and make Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will extend a helping hand to them and give them help, strength and hope.
There are no small things safe overseas, one branch and one leaf are always concerned.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million per year today. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens traveling abroad is more secure, and the target of consular protection work and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the Party, we have organized and implemented more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
It has accepted and coordinated the handling of about 500,000 cases of various kinds of help, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to want to have a "walk-and-go trip".
According to Cui Aimin, by the end of August this year, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted entry facilities such as visa-free or visa-on-arrival to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted visas on arrival to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while another 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, have unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country visa-free.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is becoming more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas and the procedures are becoming more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include agreements with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue multiple visas valid for 10 years for each other's tourism and business personnel, and agreements with the United Kingdom to issue multiple visa arrangements for each other's tourism, business and family visit personnel for 2 years.
The United Kingdom and Belgium have jointly launched a "visa one-stop" service. France, Italy and Singapore have shortened the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC Business Travel Card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region for more than five years, which is of great significance for business personnel, especially those from private enterprises, to "go out".
Currently, China ranks first among APEC economies in terms of effective card holdings.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, translate the results of diplomatic work more into measures to benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
The national day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, Secretary of the Municipal Committee, led a team to inspect the safe production and holiday market supply during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen bottom line thinking, do all kinds of work in a solid and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the public enjoy a happy, peaceful and peaceful festival.
Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Committee and Mayor Chen Jining inspected together.
The power supply area of the Tiananmen Regional Power Supply Service Center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time, so as to realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation and safe production of power supply equipment, inquired about the important details of power supply guarantee work, and went into the dispatching command hall to listen to the report on the safe power supply and gas supply work during the festival with a large screen.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the front-line staff, stressing that we should establish bottom-line thinking, do a good job in fire control and other work, go to the scene more, pay attention to the end, strengthen safety hidden danger detection and equipment operation monitoring at each point one by one, and ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
In the Wangfujing department store building, there are a wide variety of goods, filled with the festive atmosphere of the festival.
The peace fruit bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the wall made of green tiles and stone bricks and old shops such as age-rich photo studios, theaters, food shops and old bookstores are full of a strong Beijing flavor.
While walking, Cai Qi and Chen Jining listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store to upgrade its commercial operation and market supply in conjunction with the renovation and upgrading of the pedestrian street, and learned more about the holiday security situation.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" "Great North Photo Gallery" and so on, learn about the sales of goods with Beijing characteristics, and ask tourists about the experience of the tour along the way.
In Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a Beijing labor model and son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the wonderful work of "one catch" and "one bite". Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously promote the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi urged that market monitoring should be strengthened to ensure adequate and stable holiday supply, and food safety should be strictly controlled. Shopping malls and other densely populated places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line Chief" protects the safety of passenger line operation.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration that so far, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 districts and cities in Jiangxi and 6 provinces and counties have "line lengths".
The head of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration introduced that due to the formality of the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises, the main responsibility for the safety of enterprises cannot be put into practice. Illegal and illegal acts such as overcrowding and speeding of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time, and the safety situation of road passenger transport is more serious.
In order to further strengthen the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for safe production and ensure the safety of passengers traveling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017 and began to gradually promote it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system" and selected "line length" to manage 1,334 lines, covering the operation of 4,824 buses.
According to introduction, "line commanders" are generally designated by road transport and passenger transport enterprises as specialized personnel. They are specifically responsible for managing the people, vehicles and lines of the relevant lines, ensuring that the person in charge of the lines has comprehensive control over the lines, vehicles, drivers and operating environment, so as to ensure the operational safety of the lines.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Department will hold a special food safety public guided tour between October and December. Food safety educators will lead a visit to the "20-year Photo Exhibition of Food and Agricultural Products from the Mainland for Australia" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland for Australia, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macao. Members of the public are welcome to participate.
Jointly organized by the State General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Administration of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Watch and Help Together-A Documentary Photo Exhibition on Safeguarding the Safety of Food and Agricultural Products from the Mainland for 20 Years of Work in Australia" is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many citizens from Macao to visit.
To celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th Anniversary of the Founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, from October to December, the Municipal Department will set up a special food safety public guided tour at the Food Information Station on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building every Wednesday at 3:30 pm (except public holidays). Through on-site illustrations, films, comics and multimedia interactive games, accompanied by a guided tour by food safety personnel, participants will have an in-depth understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Australia, as well as the food safety work from import to market monitoring, and learn the knowledge of food safety in daily life, so as to pay more attention to food safety, and give full play to the spirit of "food safety and food safety. The government, the industry and the public work together to safeguard food safety in Australia".
Each food safety guided tour lasts about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Department on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the event on the same day. The fee is free and the number of places is limited on a first-come, first-served basis.
For inquiries, please call the Food Safety Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
The comprehensive tax payment platform of Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank for the convenience of the people was officially launched-China New Network
The comprehensive tax payment platform of Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank for the convenience of the people was officially launched.
Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) The comprehensive tax payment platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank for the convenience of the people was officially launched on September 27 in Fuzhou, Fujian Province.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and the China Banking Union Co., Ltd., jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the convenience of the people in the Fujian Provincial Tax Bank for the first time in the country.
After nearly a year of construction, at present, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, universality, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end is connected with tax, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social service providers. It provides mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, universal financial service points and other online and offline tax payment channels. The back end is connected to the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects for the benefit of the people and the convenience of the people. Among them, the medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
The project has opened 14 channels on-line and off-line, which can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76 percent of the resident population in Fujian Province.
On-line, medical insurance fees can be paid through "Min Tax Link" "cloud flash payment" and the APP and WeChat public numbers of various banks. Off-line, medical insurance fees can be paid by sweeping codes, waving cards and swiping cards in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, vice-president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform, while guaranteeing the direct payment of government revenue into the treasury and the real-time interaction of data and information, can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax payment services.
At present, of the more than 16,000 universal financial service points in the province, more than 9,000 have opened the function of checking and paying medical insurance fees, so that rural residents can safely check and pay medical insurance fees "without leaving the village", so that the public has a stronger and stronger "sense of acquisition" and "sense of happiness".
According to statistics, in the 20 days since the first trial operation of the medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents of the platform, the number of service users has reached 840,000, including 750,000 online payment users and nearly 20,000 universal financial service point payment users.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform is the first in the country to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the stamped electronic payment voucher directly through the mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "high-speed road" for private tax payment will be further widened.
The United States will deploy more air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The United States Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the United States will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, as well as enhance the U.S. military presence in the region.
The statement also said that U.S. Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "Sade" anti-missile system in the readiness deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "Sade" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the US claimed to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Rouhani said that under the condition that all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that only the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of the Saudi National Oil Company and set off a fire.
The United States accused Iran of causing the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Seles chairman's plan to increase holdings completed last year's call for employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Seles (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had increased his stake in the company by a total of 1.0542 million shares through the pooled price trading method of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total equity, the total amount of the increase amounted to RMB 2009.26 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs), and completed the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Seles, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total equity. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruime Science Instruments Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruime"), held 82,183,500 shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total equity. Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruime, which is the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Seles has made a good move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Seles has successively launched measures such as executive increase, chairman's bottom-up increase initiative, share buyback and equity incentive.
On September 18 last year, Seles announced that the company's Liu Wenhao and seven other executives who planned to increase their holdings had accumulated an increase of 394,300 shares of the company (accounting for 0.1922% of the company's total equity), with a total increase of 7.0229 million yuan. The increase has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, the chairman of Seles and the real controller, Wen Wei, proposed an initiative for employees to increase their holdings of the company's shares, and promised that Wen Wei would compensate for any losses.
The period of the increase is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of the increase in the company's shares shall not exceed RMB 150 million. After the increase, the company's shares shall be held continuously for more than 12 months without reduction, and the employee shall be on duty at the time of compensation.
The reporter combed and found that in the time period of the above-mentioned initiative staff increase, the share price of Seles was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan. Based on the closing price of Seles of 20.02 yuan on September 25, the maximum floating earnings of employees increase could reach 42.80% and as low as 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Seles again approved the plan to buy back the shares of the company, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to buy back the shares is not less than RMB 160 million and not more than RMB 280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the announcement of the "Seles 2019 Restrictive Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that the equity incentive is based on 2018 operating income. The growth rates for the four fiscal years 2019-2022 are not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
Judging from the performance of Seles in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the 30% performance growth unlocking conditions this year.
In the first half of the year, it realized operating income of RMB 842 million, an increase of 46.50% year-on-year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was RMB 56,232,400, an increase of 16.46% year-on-year.
Since the mid-2018 report, for five consecutive reporting periods, the revenue growth rate of Seles has exceeded 38% year-on-year, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven collaborative development strategy based on the medical inspection intensive operation service (IVD business), the medical consumable intensive operation service (SPD business) and the regional inspection center as a breakthrough, and iteratively upgraded and promoted the SPD business on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business.
People related to Seles told reporters that at present, in order to conform to the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Seles' three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, Seles announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Medical Consumables Intensive Operation Platform and Daily Operation Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Chinese Hospital, with a contract term of three years.
"In fact, Seles is vigorously expanding the SPD business to provide medical institutions with sophisticated operating services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables in the hospital, so as to earn long-term income."
The above-mentioned people said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Seles won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" of Shaw Hospital attached to Zhejiang University Medical College.
Analysts in the pharmaceutical industry pointed out that the winning bid is very gold-bearing. Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Assessment (JCI). The successful implementation of the project in the future is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, previously, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, Seles' business map basically completed the business area coverage of the country's provinces.
Now that the winning bid for Shaw Hospital is in another city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year, Seles has also carried out layouts in emerging areas such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers to serve the National Day traffic travel.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their posts from the 28th to provide volunteer services at various points in Beijing, which will last until October 8.
Previously, the leading group of Beijing's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer headquarters. In the early period, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for colleges and universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The field of volunteer service involved celebration conferences, get-together activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day gardens and urban operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers conducted traffic diversion and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic intersections and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major traffic hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British tanker "Stanna Empire" was finally released and departed from Bandar Abbas, Iran, on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
Just in the middle of last month, authorities in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British tanker "Stanna Empire" departed from Bandar Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The Port and Shipping Organization of Iran's Hormuzgan Province confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made formal and written commitments and that, although the ship was seized, they did not have any claims.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker Stanna Empire, also said the ship was sailing from Bandar Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's ship tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left Bandar Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker off the coast of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the tanker, named Stena Impero, in the channel of the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said that all the legal procedures required for the release of the Stanna Empire had been completed.
However, the Iranian side said that the investigation was still ongoing.
Several Iranian media outlets also released videos of the tanker's departure.
On July 19, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British tanker, the Stanna Empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz before escorting it to Bandar Abbas.
Iran's detained tanker Grace 1 leaves the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on 4 July, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the oil tanker Grace 1 carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace 1.
This afternoon, a special conference on the thematic education inspection and rectification of undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the provincial party committee, stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen political responsibility, examine and rectify problems from a strict and realistic perspective, and promote the high-quality development of Party building, political thinking and reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Ulan fully recognizes the initial achievements made by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme of "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission" is a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should deeply study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme of "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission".
From the political height of strengthening the "four consciousnesses", achieving "two maintenance" and implementing the mission of the first heart, earnestly complete all the prescribed actions of thematic education, especially the series of problems examined by solid rectification, coordinate and do a good job in the reform and development of schools, and achieve "two without mistakes and two promotions".
Wu Lan stressed that we should adhere to the blade inward, grasp the problem inspection, according to the requirements of "four comparisons" and "four searches and one search", find the correct problem for the standard and watch, open up a wide range of opinions and suggestions from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the ideological perspective, then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard measures to solve difficult problems.
We should adhere to precise efforts, strengthen the real reform and reform, and earnestly put the word "change" throughout.
We should do a good job in the combination of thematic education and "Li De Shuren" and other work, compact the responsibility of rectification, ensure that one problem does not fall, see the bottom and clear zero, and ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We should adhere to the treatment of both symptoms and root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave a tight cage of the system, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is rules-based and rules-based, and truly use the system to manage people's affairs and power.
To adhere to the above rates, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in carefully examining and rectifying, take the lead in strictly disciplining themselves from time to time, give full play to the exemplary role of "key minorities", and strive to complete all tasks of thematic education, inspection and rectification.
Comrades in charge of the Party committees of five colleges and universities, including Hunan University, and those in charge of relevant units in the province made statements.
"One Jiao has been" two ultra-high pressure projects put into operation
On the 26th, the quasi-east to south Anhui 1,100 kV ultra-high voltage DC transmission project and the Suton 1000 kV AC ultra-high voltage GIL integrated pipeline project were put into operation.
Both projects occupy the current high points in the respective fields of power transmission technology in the world. After being put into operation, they will greatly improve the large-scale optimal allocation of energy in China.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the State Energy Administration, said that the quasi-east to south Anhui project is the transmission project with the largest power delivery capacity and the furthest transmission distance in the world.
Its operation is of great significance to promote the development of Xinjiang energy base and guarantee the power supply in East China.
GIL, that is, gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Suton Pipe Corridor Project has set the record of the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and realized the combined operation of the 'AC dual-ring network' with the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power grid.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the quasi-east to south Anhui project is 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been studied and developed, greatly increasing the economic transmission distance to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the quasi-east to south Anhui project is put into operation, it can deliver 100 million degrees of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of eliminating existing new energy sources in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, this line alone will deliver 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
The Suton GIL integrated pipeline project is a control project for the ultra-high voltage AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines are used to cross the river, it is necessary to erect two giant iron towers over 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and to build an artificial island over the size of four football fields for each iron tower.
In this regard, the National Grid has boldly innovated and developed a compact ultra-high voltage AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through tunnels, avoiding the impact on the golden waterway.
The two projects have promoted a new leap in China's electrical equipment manufacturing capacity.
At present, the National Grid has built a cumulative "10-to-11-straight" ultra-high voltage project, and "4-to-3-straight" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's foreign debt structure is continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt is enhanced
"On the whole, China's foreign debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has been enhanced."
Wang Chunying, spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally manageable.
Wang Chunying made the remarks in response to a reporter's question when the Foreign Exchange Bureau released the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019 on the same day.
The data show that by the end of June 2019, the balance of China's full-caliber (including local and foreign currencies) foreign debt was US$1998 billion, an increase of US$26.3 billion, or 1.3%, over the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, who were mainly medium-and long-term investors such as the Central Bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium-and long-term foreign debt rose by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, and the share of local currency foreign debt rose by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with the inclusion of China's domestic RMB bonds in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of China's bond market has further increased and their holdings of domestic RMB bonds have continued to increase.
"China's balance of payments remains generally balanced and the risk of foreign debt is manageable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that at present, the Yunnan grassland greedy night moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak into disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, first discovered the grassland greedy night moth that migrated from abroad. Subsequently, it was confirmed to have occurred in 129 counties in Yunnan. The grassland greedy night moth also gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
Grassland greedy night moth is a multi-food long-range migratory important agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the global warning of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, explosive and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane and sorghum. The amount of food taken is large, which can cause up to 70% of the yield loss.
It is difficult to prevent and control. There is no registered pesticide to control the insect in China.
Since the grassland greedy night moth moved to invade Yunnan, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected Yin Aidong researchers to lead the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences agricultural cross-border harmful organisms in collaboration with the green prevention and control provincial innovation team to the front line, conduct field investigations, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
The Yin Aidong team has preliminarily mastered the population characteristics of Yunnan grassland greedy night moth, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, pharmaceutical toxicity and field control effect.
They have actively carried out the research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%. At the same time, the use of chemical pesticides has been reduced, natural enemy resources and ecological environment have been protected, and a technical guarantee has been provided for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak and sustainable management of grassland greedy night moths.
At present, Yunnan grassland greedy night moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak into disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreak, and break through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network points and demonstration areas abroad in order to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning ability of Yunnan grassland greedy night moth.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of panda plus gold and silver commemorative coins for the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins consists of two pieces, including one gold commemorative coin and one silver commemorative coin, all of which are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to introduction, the obverse pattern of the set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Temple of Heaven in Beijing, and the name of the country, the year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo" are published.
On the reverse of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda. The words "8g Au.999" and the English words and denomination of "China International Import Expo" are published.
On the reverse of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda. The words "30g Ag.999" and the English words and denomination of "China International Import Expo" are published.
According to introduction, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a universal coin. It contains 8 grams of pure gold, is 22 mm in diameter, has a face value of 100 yuan, is 99.9% colored, and has a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin. It contains 30 grams of pure silver, is 40 mm in diameter, has a face value of 10 yuan, is 99.9% colored, and has a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Coinmaking Co., Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China takes a development path in line with national conditions
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Xinhua) -- The Information Office of the State Council of China released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on Sept. 27.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have arduously explored and forged ahead, successfully opened up the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing". Generations of people galloped and continued to struggle, paying hard work and sweat that others could not imagine. It depends on the spirit of "carrying your own burden". Regardless of prosperity or adversity, do not export problems, do not pass on contradictions, and do not develop themselves through forced buying and selling or plundering other countries. Relying on the exploratory spirit of "crossing the river by touching stones", we do not follow the old path of imperialism and colonialism or copy the development model of Western countries, but combine China's reality, summarize experiences and lessons, learn from human civilization, dare to try and take a path of our own.
According to the white paper, China is developing in contact and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's path conforms to China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
China takes practical action to maintain world peace.
Over the past 70 years, China has not voluntarily provoked any war or conflict, and has not encroached on an inch of other countries' land.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
This is a path established from the national conditions, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up and governing the country according to law in an all-round way.
China has a huge size and complex national conditions. The difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without a centralized, unified and strong leadership force, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper says that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and made historic changes in its development. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong, and is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
This development path of China will show more and more bright development prospects with the advance of the times.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration on cloth merchants.
On the 27th, at the 2019 Second World Congress of cloth merchants held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration on cloth merchants.
The declaration pointed out that, facing the future, all countries concerned adhere to openness and synergy, science and technology-driven and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
This World Congress of cloth merchants brought together about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win cooperation of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that at present, the global industrial division of labor, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development, and the development concept of "science and technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "In order for the industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it needs the active participation of global textile people, their respective talents and the sharing of interests."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration on cloth merchants, jointly expounding the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Declaration on cloth merchants pointed out that, facing the future, relevant countries will adhere to openness and synergy, continuously promote the interconnection between industry and the market and jointly improve the development level of the industrial chain; will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly improve the basic ability of the industry; will focus on fashion change, give full play to the role of textile and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers, said in an interview that the publication of the World Declaration on cloth merchants will help all countries to jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and realize the sustainable development of the textile industry.
As an example, Loureno Bartholomei mentioned that the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands. Designers are committed to designing stylish and high-end ready-to-wear products, while Keqiao has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this cloth merchants' conference, we also look forward to establishing contacts with Keqiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Congress of cloth merchants, Keqiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading its internal gear and expanding its opening to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, Party Secretary of Keqiao District, said that Keqiao will take this conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction as a pioneer.
The median price of RMB measured by Reuters is expected to affect 460 points against the cycle near 7.0883 yuan.
According to the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the middle price of RMB against the US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, depreciating about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the RMB against the US dollar closed at 7.1315 yuan, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, of the changes in the middle price today, 586 points fell to reflect the impact of market supply and demand, another 27 points fell to reflect the number of points needed for the overnight basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged, and 460 points rose to reflect the impact of "countercyclical factors".
The median price of RMB against US Dollar measured by Reuters was 7.0947 yuan, a deviation of 218 points from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
According to the median price published by CFETS, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively.
The completion of Tianjin Zhou Dafu, the first tallest building in northern China, has created more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the first tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, an architectural information model that won the Global Excellence Award in the Global Engineering Construction Industry, independently developed by the Project Department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center of the Eight Bureau of China Construction, in the field of skyscraper construction.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The project has a total construction area of 390,000 square meters, four floors underground, 100 floors above ground and a building height of 530 meters, covering Class A offices, luxury apartments and super-five-star hotels. Upon completion, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
According to the relevant person-in-charge of the project department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center of the Eighth Bureau of China Construction, the total amount of steel used in the project is more than 70,000 tons. The high-altitude group paired weld is about 376,000 meters equivalent to the height of 42.5 Mount Everest. The wire can be used to circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components has reached 42,000, more than 50% of which are non-standard components, including the world's largest single-layered elliptical section steel pipe with a distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project are unprecedented.
According to industry insiders, Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center has taken the lead in implementing building information model (BIM) management in all aspects of the skyscraper projects already built or under construction throughout the country.
Creatively put forward and successfully implemented the "three-complete BIM application" model with full staff participation, full professional application and whole process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on high-precision BIM model.
The person-in-charge said that in the construction process of Zhou Dafu, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, conducted scientific and unmistakable verification before carrying out material physical construction, thus eliminating the problems that may arise from demolition and rework in the construction of previous construction projects.
In 2017, the BIM innovation achievements of the Zhou Dafu Financial Center project won the first prize of the Construction Group of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award at the Global AU Master Hui and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Presentation Ceremony.
In the course of the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only made all the complex and numerous construction links a success, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River joint patrol law enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the press office of the Public Security Department of Yunnan Province on the 27th that at 15:30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement successfully docked at Guanlei Port, China, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanlei Port on the 24th and lasted 4 days and 3 nights. China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand sent a total of 136 law enforcement personnel and 6 law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug publicity and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Ban Xiangguo in Laos and Mengmo.
In addition, China also sent a group of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border guard companies of the Lao People's Army to exchange police actual combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response ability of law enforcement team members of both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Chiang Sheng, Thailand. They briefed each other on the recent situation of various countries in border management, combating drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and reached a consensus. They also organized cultural and sports exchange activities among the four countries to carry out competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, so as to effectively enhance mutual understanding among law enforcement team members and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries.
The relevant person-in-charge of the Water Patrol Unit of the Public Security Department of Yunnan Province introduced that after the end of this operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission, raise the police rate of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The commander-in-chief of the Thai side said that since the launch of the Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had close exchanges, deepened practical cooperation and achieved fruitful results in many fields such as law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the law enforcement cooperation of the four parties will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make a new contribution to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
On the 25th, Iranian Defence Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition to any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile force" will damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders are all in favor of improving the missile program.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement in order to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the margins of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
After the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo international film festival Zhang Ziyi as head of jury
As the only Chinese-language film, "Under the White Clouds", directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Golden Kirin Award, the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Under the White Clouds" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, who is "full of peaches and plums". It tells the story of a couple of ordinary Mongolian herdsmen who have some kind of life predicament arising from the different pursuits of life. It is starring Mongolian actors Jiri Mutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Clouds" held two world premieres during this film festival, with release dates of October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held in Roppongi, Hibiya and other venues in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5 this year. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the film festival held a press conference and officially announced the main competition unit for the Golden Kirin Award, the "Future of Asia" unit, the "Special Hosting Works", Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units, as well as the list of films.
The head of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese entry film "Under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi is the chairman of the international jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
There are three Chinese-language films in the "Future of Asia" unit
In the series of units of the Tokyo International Film Festival, its important position is second only to the "Future of Asia" unit of the main competition film. Although only eight films were shortlisted, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
Two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Mai Lu Man" directed by Huang Qingxun and starring film emperor Guo Fucheng and film queen Yang Qianyan, and a mainland film is "Knight of Summer Night" directed by Yu Xing.
In addition, "Ice Peak Storm", a Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Hiroshi Kakusho, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be released at this film festival as a "special hospitality work".
Alice Hirose, the spokesperson of the film festival and "goddess", was absent from the press conference and delivered a video message.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, Yukang Ando, president of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who just took office in August this year, Makoto Kumatsu, director of the film festival, and the heads of film selections of various units made speeches on the stage, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, the opening film-the 50th work of the "Tora-San" series, "The Story of Tora-San: Welcome Back", director Yoji Yamada, two Japanese film directors shortlisted for the main competition unit, Makoto Tezuka ("Balopora"), Ashikaga ("Comedy Love Wife Story"), and famous playwright and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima also appeared at the press conference to tell the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury of the main competition unit consists of five members. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noel and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, the TIFFCOM (International Image Market), held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held at the Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center in Ikebukuro from October 22 to 24. This year, a record 401 groups will set up exhibition booths. In particular, the number of exhibition units from China will reach 90, a sharp increase of 6.4 times compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day (CHINA DAY)", held a number of lectures, seminars and so on, and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to also participate in relevant activities. The welcome dinner that evening was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base expansion project starts
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (Reporter Li Qianwei) enriches the panda culture theme tourism route, and the panda base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The expansion project of "Panda Planet" and giant panda breeding research base officially began in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned to be built in Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built in Chengdu consists of three regions: North Lake District, Dujiangyan District and Longquanshan District, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan organically combines the ecological and cultural value of the giant panda with the urban construction of Chengdu's beautiful and livable park to build the ecological home of the giant panda.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake District, covering an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X".
One core attraction is the reconstruction and expansion project of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; the construction of N cultural tourism consumption scenes, namely Panda Town, Easy Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure facilities.
After the reconstruction and expansion of Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 acres. It is generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site, where people and animals share good times.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the China Voice News and Newspaper Summary of the Central Radio and Television General Station, over the past few days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and highly valued the development achievements of New China and its importance to global development.
Malian President Keita said in an interview with a reporter from Central Radio and Television that he has visited China many times. China's development achievements over the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed in everything, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and best wishes to China!
Prime Minister Motley of Barbados said: Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25th), ambassadors to China from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited "the brilliant achievements of the great process-a large-scale achievement exhibition to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: Seeing first-hand the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, the progress is too great.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities in the region to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would start the trial operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned "Class 4" fully self-driving taxi team, on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Xiaoma Zhixing also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded in various places.
Since 26, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for rides through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road providing trial operation will be 50 km by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Red Flag EV" of China FAW Group, equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Program" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program was attended by more than 150 companies, including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Nvidia of the United States.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest online contract car service provider has announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai within the year.
China's competition for self-driving development may become more intense.
Taiwan scholars suggest: "uncertain era" Taiwan businessmen need to keep up with the mainland to develop mainstream industries
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei for two days on 26 and 27.
The event invited a number of Taiwan business representatives and scholars to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management and co-organized by Qunyi Jinding Securities, Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Association and other organizations.
The two-day meeting was divided into a number of seminars such as transformation and upgrading mode and business strategy, which were attended by more than 100 people.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, said that the trade friction between China (mainland China) and the United States continues, and Taiwan businessmen face an "uncertain era".
He believes that Taiwan businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the mainland, paying particular attention to innovative products related to the fields of science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwan businessmen valued quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above-mentioned conditions for Taiwan businessmen alone are not enough at the moment.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extended service and life product service.
In addition, "service value added" is also a new area that Taiwan businessmen can vigorously develop.
At the speech session of the representative of Taiwan businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwan businessman Yayi Electronics Co. Ltd. from Guangdong, introduced that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to the sharp decline in orders. The group began to improve its business situation from many aspects such as adjusting its structure and revitalizing its assets.
It took three years for enterprises to realize their revenue by taking away the traditional electrical business, transforming vehicle electronic equipment and entering the intelligent household appliances industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Sun God (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it would be better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is nothing more than six factors: poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, few varieties and integrity problems. As long as these six points are solved, together with the timely transformation of production lines and the expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operations center is located in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwan Business and Cross-Strait Contribution Award".
New regulation solicits opinions: social capital needs qualification to obtain rural land management right
Social capital needs qualification to obtain rural land management right
The Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights publicly solicited opinions and proposed to supervise the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to acquire land management rights
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice on the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Consultation Draft of the Revised Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Opinion Draft") for public consultation, which increased the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to acquire land management rights.
The Opinion Draft is now open to the public for comments.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly revised Rural Land Contracting Law, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "separation of powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Contracting and Management Rights" and formed the "Opinion Draft".
The reporter of Beijing Youth Daily learned that the "Opinion Draft" published for the first time has a number of important changes.
The newly amended Law on Rural Land Contracting clarifies the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of "three-power distribution". The special section sets up "land contract management right" and "land management right" respectively, making a clear distinction between the transfer of land contract management right, the exchange of land contract management right and the transfer of land management right (leasing, subcontracting, equity participation or other means).
In this Opinion Draft, in order to implement the concept of "separation of powers", effectively respond to the main thrust of the amendment to the Rural Land Contracting Law, and take into account that the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights are quite different in terms of parties, procedures and supervision, this revised draft defines the scope of transfer, focusing on the transfer of land management rights. The transfer methods include leasing and equity participation. The name of the regulations will be changed from the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" to the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights".
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be regulated by separate administrative measures.
The Opinion Draft points out that under the background of "separation of powers", farmers only have the right to land management for a certain period of time.
In theory, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing their right to operate for a certain period of time. Therefore, stipulating the return of the contracted land to the original contractor is no longer necessary in jurisprudence and conflicts with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of farmers losing their land, methods such as preferred shares, first rent and then shares and repurchase have emerged in practice.
Considering that preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion in company law, it is suggested to take it as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of equity loss.
