State-owned enterprises and private enterprises into the south of Gannan Revolutionary old district.
September 26-27, in order to deepen the expansion of "do not forget the initial heart, remember the mission" theme of educational achievements, the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, the National Defense Bureau of Science and technology, the National Federation of industry and Commerce jointly organized "state-owned enterprises and private enterprises into the Revolutionary old area in South Gannan" research activities, relive the history of
Executive deputy director of the Central Military-Civil integration office Jin Zhuang long, Deputy Minister of the central United Front Work Department, party secretary of the All-China Federation of industry and Commerce, executive vice chairman Xu lejiang, director of the National Defense Bureau of Science and technology Zhang Kejian, deputy secretary of the Jiangxi provincial party committee, Ganzhou municipal party secretary Li bingjun participated in the
The enterprises participating in the research activities include China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd. and other 8 military group companies, Hunan rare earth metal materials research institute and other 10 private-owned enterprises, EVOC group and other 15 advantage private enterprises.
In the meantime, researchers visited the central Red Army Long March departure Memorial Park, in memory of the revolutionary martyrs, received the Revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army Long March period, on-site investigation of Ganzhou City 7 enterprises and 1 testing center, held a symposium, reached 8 cooperation projects and on-site signing.
In the research activities of the symposium, Ganzhou city introduced its unique industrial advantages, to the participating enterprises to promote the quality of the project.
China weapons Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnet Technology Co., Ltd., respectively, on behalf of the Military Industry Group Corporation, minkou state-owned enterprises, private enterprises, local enterprises made a speech, said that it will continue to strengthen the state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and Jiangxi province and Ganzhou
Through the research activities, to further understand the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary area in South Gannan, clear the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary area at this stage, and firmly established the state-owned and private enterprises for the people, the belief of entrepreneurship, the former Central Soviet area in South Gannan, transfer mode,
Beijing Market Supervision Department to carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival commodity prices are basically stable
Beijing, September 27 (reporter du Yan) in order to strengthen the pre-festival market supervision and enforcement, Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau on the eve of the National Day to check all kinds of business entities more than 2000 households.
The inspection showed that the market sales of grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg and milk and other necessities of life is sufficient, commodity prices are basically stable, no serious illegal acts, the overall order of market operation is stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, the bureau in the city to carry out "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" activities, focus on key areas, key areas focused on price, industry and Commerce, Quality Supervision, food and drug, business and other full elements, all aspects of law enforcement inspection, fully regulate the market order.
According to reports, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau price, industry and Commerce, Quality Supervision, food and drug, business and other five law enforcement team coordination, close cooperation, led by the law enforcement agencies responsible for the group of randomly selected part of the business body for joint law enforcement inspection.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety systems and other content.
District Market Supervision Bureau also organized joint law enforcement inspection, dispatched more than 1600 law enforcement personnel, inspection of various types of business entities more than 2000 households, inspection shows that the market sales of grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg and milk and other necessities adequate supply, commodity prices are basically stable, operators can abide by the law, no serious violations of
Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said, during the National Day will strengthen the emergency duty, continue to carry out inspection and inspection of the market, according to the law to quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision issues, to reflect the public's business violations, once verified, will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the law, effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and
Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia”China in my heart " Chinese essay contest announced
The“China in my heart”Chinese essay competition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of new China was announced at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia on 26th and held an award ceremony.
Mr. Zhong jifa, a diplomat from the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia,Mr. Wei Siyu, a representative of the General Council of Cambodia and president of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented the awards to the winners.
According to the Chinese President of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia Chai Keqing, the contest lasted two months, the participants for Cambodian primary school students, secondary school students (including students) and university students (including social personnel).
Zhong jifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificates to Lin weicai, the first prize winner of the university category, and Guo Linna, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school category.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted separately according to the university group and the primary and secondary school groups, inviting senior Cambodian Chinese experts to form a judging committee, through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation, final evaluation link, the final selection of the university group first prize 1, second prize 2, Third prize 3, 10 Excellence Award; primary and secondary
Lin Wei-Cai, the first prize winner in the university group, said that learning Chinese has had a huge impact on himself for 15 years.
Through the essay contest, it is to use words to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the Belt and Road Initiative and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia, hoping that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows the guests and the winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school categories, said that as an overseas Chinese, the opportunity to express the feelings of“the heart of China”through the words of his native country and the award, there is a different excitement.
The organizers said that through the contest, not only to create a positive atmosphere of China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese, to study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) 26 released a report that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further in violation of the 2015 nuclear agreement with the world's major powers.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, IAEA report that Iran Natanz nuclear facility (Natanz nuclear Facility) advanced centrifuge " is accumulating or is ready to accumulate enriched uranium”.
Since US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with major powers.
According to the agreement, Iran can only use the first-generation IR-1 centrifuge to extract uranium.
Other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the deal, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Japan's Kyodo news agency reported, local time on the afternoon of the 25th, Japanese Foreign Minister shigiki min charge in the visit to the United States in New York and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov held talks, confirmed that will promote including the four islands of the north(Japan and Russia disputed islands, Japan called“four northern islands”, Russia called “South Kuril Islands ” ) territorial issues, including the conclusion of a peace treaty negotiations, the development of bilateral relations in a wide range of political, economic and other fields, the two sides also agreed on the Coordination of shigiki visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This was the first consultation with Russia that took place as head of the negotiations on the conclusion of a peace treaty after the appointment of Foreign Minister Shigeki.
“ We hope that consultations will take place, including the promotion of joint economic activity(in the four northern islands), ” Mr. maogi told the Russian side.
According to the government of Japan, there was no detailed discussion of the territorial issue at the talks.
In December 2018, the Japanese-Russian summit meeting confirmed the policy of accelerating negotiations between the two foreign ministers as heads of State.
At the meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on joint economic activities in the field of Tourism and waste disposal.
“ We hope that the next step will be made possible by the successful implementation of the pilot tourism business, which is scheduled to be implemented in October. ”
In addition, the meeting confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the meeting of foreign ministers of the group of twenty(G20)in Nagoya city.
Tuionetoa was elected new prime minister of Tonga.
Nuku alofa: the South Pacific island nation's parliament elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, bohiwa Tuionetoa, as Tonga's new prime minister on the 27th to replace former prime minister Akilisi bohiwa, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website MATANGI, the main Tongan media, the Tongan parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote of the day, Tuionetoa won 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of infrastructure and tourism, Samithy Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of powers between the executive, legislature and judiciary.
Tuionetoa also has to be appointed by the King.
The next Tongan parliamentary elections will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of time!
On the 27th, in the game against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team in the case of winning two consecutive innings by the opponent back to the city, the final 3:1 Rick Holland, ushered in nine consecutive wins.
The World Cup schedule has come to an end, although the defending in sight, but in the face of Serbia, the Chinese women's volleyball team is still not to be taken lightly.
In the first two innings with the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball team performance as always strong, respectively, 25:19, 25: 16 to the first two cities, until the third innings, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team in the case of backward to strengthen the offensive service, the Chinese team a pass by the impact, coupled with the girls offensive heart, mistakes also began to increase, and finally to 21: 25 by the opponent back.
After the match Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "the third innings, because of mistakes we sent about 8 points . ”
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated, the Chinese women's volleyball team before the game is also difficult to prepare, although lost a game,but everything is still in the hands of Lang Ping, " and the team play the game winning or losing is very normal, playing five innings is also very normal, so we
In the fourth game, the players actively adjust the state, Zhang Changning in the offensive end of the fire, a single game to get 8 points, for the team to win a great deal.
The game so far, 11 rounds of confrontation is currently only two rounds, the Chinese women's volleyball team although a hand has touched the trophy,but in the game against the Netherlands did give the Chinese women's volleyball team sounded the alarm: the more critical moment, the more to go all out.
In another game on the 27th, Russia and the United States women's volleyball team played five innings, the United States team failed to take three points from the opponent, so long as the Chinese women's volleyball team in the game against Serbia in all three points, can advance a round of defending.
All things are moving in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, the lack of Serbia's six main players does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
From the current form of the standings, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can“travel light " in the game against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put the burden to the impact of the opponent, while the Chinese team bear the pressure to win, the state may appear ups and downs.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not "slaughtered" lamb, after a battle with the Dutch team, the two sides War 5 innings, Serbia two teams eventually 3: 2 reversed the whole lineup of the Netherlands, which shows the thickness of the lineup.
In the third stage of the game before the start, Lang Ping also said that the Netherlands and Serbia are not easy to deal with: “ the game in Osaka will be very difficult, we still have to continue to prepare carefully. ”
Now the defending trumpet has sounded,the game has really entered the "White Heat stage".
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team are on top of the opponent, just the last critical moment, but also to see whether the women's volleyball girls can play a normal level, in the arena to release themselves.
The second Macao stem cell symposium was held today (27) and attracted more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research.
Dr. Ge Wei, vice president (research) of Um, said that stem cell research is of medical value and is one of the key research projects of UM.
As a leading international university on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area in Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, Macao University is committed to building a talent training base and science and Technology Innovation Center for the west coast of the Greater Bay area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The symposium brought together experts from both home and abroad to share the latest technologies that will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences of UM, Tang Chu-Xia, said that UM has been strengthening research innovation and transformation in recent years,and has also improved significantly in terms of the number and quality of papers. UM has also achieved fruitful results in Stem Cell Research.
At the meeting, well-known scholars shared the cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of primate transformation School of Medicine, Kunming University of Science and technology, Yunnan province, explained the use of 3D culture system to study the process and molecular mechanisms of monkeys and human embryos in vitro; Jing naihe, researcher of the Shanghai Institute of biochemical cells, Chinese Academy of Sciences, from the single-cell
Xu Renhe, associate dean (research) of UM's School of Health Sciences, Chen Guokai, assistant dean, and Wang Chunming, associate professor of UM's Chinese Academy of Medicine, also introduced their latest significant results.
The second Macao stem cell seminar was organized by the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, co-organized by the Institute of Chinese medicine of the University of Macao and the State Key Laboratory of Chinese quality research of the Macao University of Science and technology.
There were 11 academic presentations, including embryonic development and tissue generation, Translational Medicine, mechanisms of stem cell research and translational applications, and biomaterials and applications.
The seminar was lively,and participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Mr Xu said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts from the Greater Bay Area and other regions, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the people's Republic of China and the National honorary title will be held.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the people's Republic of China and the National honorary title will be held at 10 a.m. in the Great Hall of the people on September 29.
Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, president of the state and chairman of the Central Military Commission, will present the“Republic medal”, “ Friendship Medal”and the "National Medal of honor" to the recipients of the National Medal and the National honorary title, respectively, and make an important speech.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the people's Republic of China and the National honorary title will be held on September 29 at 10 a.m. in the Great Hall of the people in Beijing.
This is the order of the Republic.
"Medal of the Republic" in red, gold-based tone, chapter body using national emblem, five-pointed star, Yellow River, Yangtze River, peaks, peony and other elements, chapter chain using Chinese knot, Ruyi, orchids and other elements, the overall use of cold forming, filigree mosaic, enamel and other craft production, a symbol of the medal winner for the construction and development of the Republic
This is the Medal of friendship .
"Friendship medal" in gold, blue color, chapter body using Dove, Earth, handshake, Lotus and other elements, chapter chain using Chinese knot, evergreen, Peony, Jade bi, bluegrass and other elements, the overall use of filigree inlaid, cloisonné enamel and other traditional craft handmade, a symbol of the Chinese people and people of friendship and unity, friendship forever, wish the World common prosperity and development.
This is the National honorary title medal.
National honorary title medal in red, gold color, chapter body using five-star, Tiananmen Square, peony, flag, light and other elements, chapter chain using Chinese knot, flowers and other elements, the overall use of cold forming, filigree mosaic, enamel and other craft production, a symbol of the National honorary title winner in various fields and industries to make a major contribution, highlighting the role of
Central radio and television station, Xinhua will be the award ceremony live broadcast, people's network, CCTV, China network and other central key news sites and people's daily client, Xinhua news agency client, CCTV News client and other new media platforms broadcast simultaneously.
“ For 70 years, NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological superiority, " Stoltenberg said in a speech at West Point. ”
But times are changing, he said.
“ We are facing more and more competition, " Stoltenberg said.
We should therefore redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will overtake us . ”
“ Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries, " he said.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. ”
The future security of NATO, Stoltenberg said,“depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technologies."
On September 24th,”a ticket to take me to see " charity activities held in Changsha Orange Island, more than 100 people with disabilities from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island star Cruise, enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China.
Most of the more than 100 people with disabilities who participated in the event boarded the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a handicapped man who rarely goes out because of his feet.
He said, " today, for the first time on a cruise,you can enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and feel the pulse of the development of Changsha. ”
Volunteers from the Changsha Fukang social worker Service Center and the blue sky rescue team provided meticulous service to the disabled.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on and off the cruise.
Fukang social workers service center responsible person said, 70 years, under the support of the party and the government, the continuous development and progress of the cause of the disabled in Changsha City, more and more people with disabilities truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development, care to help people with disabilities, care to support the cause of the disabled
The Republic is about to celebrate its seventieth anniversary,and the limelight of the media is shining so many images that we usually do not remember-it is they that bring heat and light to our shiny days. … …
However, if the hero walks around, it seems ordinary as you like me.
Yuan Longping, painstaking rice research, breeding seeds all over the world, so that more than one billion people no longer have the risk of hunger, great work Yan, this Weng usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the field; south Rendong, diligently let China“eye of heaven”anger open chief scientist, a person, a lifetime, a pot, life only do one thing, Qin Yi, a film artist with a red half of the sky, is over ninety years old, and is also happy to play six or seven hours a day on the plateau, playing an unknown old maid in the "Demon Cat biography". … …
They, seeking benevolence, live simple, simple and persistent, as long as the immersion into the outsiders do not understand and their private career, it is easy to be happy, do not care about the name of the reins, wealth and glory.
Just like Jin Yong's novel, The Shaolin Temple Tibetan scriptures pavilion that sweeping Monk, although with the world martial arts, not dazzle not reserved, no joy and no sadness.
Every "scavenger Monk", every pair of pure heart, behind a part of the family who gave me the responsibility.
The country to play, not only carry on the shoulders of the hero, but also in the palm of millions of people.
Once, a high school student, the words of netizens crazy, " when a hero passing by, always someone sitting on the side of the road to applaud ... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be sitting on the side of the road to applaud people." ”
In fact, when the hero and give the hero applause, does not contradict.
The people who applauded by the side of the road are also transmitting heat and light.
Ordinary as you like me, in life there are always some opportunities,there are moments, there is a cumulative, but also in The Shape of a hero.
Shanghai outstanding judge Zou bihua, shoulder the responsibility of judicial reform,but at the annual meeting to let the master of the front office on stage to tell their stories, a year to send and receive numerous newspaper letters, from error-free, "to do simple things, is not simple", Zou bihua led the judges will give applause to the "sweeping Monk" type of old transceiver.
This is the Freemasonry between heroes, is a hero to another hero clapping.
Scavenger monks have Shaolin Temple collection by the pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, south Rendong has " Eye Of Heaven”, Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou ruchang has a pulpit ... can be a hero, not only rely on their own efforts, but also have a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "Chinese eye of heaven", it seems, is a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still climbing hard, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written " three bodies."
At that time, the best“eye ” was the one — sided diameter radio telescope in the valley of the island of Puerto Rico, Arecibo, 350 meters in diameter, considered the world's most“unattainable.”
At that time, the diameter of the Chinese radio telescope is not as big as one-tenth.
While enjoying world-class research conditions and salaries in Japan, Minami insists on returning home, bringing back an almost crazy idea:to build a new generation of radio“big telescope " in China , to receive more information from outer space!
China is waiting for the stars?
The motherland trust South Rendong,”eye of Heaven " project magnificent curtain.
It took 12 years for the site to be selected,and 9 years for the project to be completed.
The 500-meter caliber "eye of heaven" opened, China has made no precedent to follow, " the world's unique science project."
Therefore, the "eye of Heaven" is great, the South Rendong is great,the Republic of tolerance is great, standing high and far away is great.
With the trust of the country, the goodwill of the people, south Rendong have the opportunity to become the soul of the people of the country's liver and gallbladder.
There are young talents, white-haired hero airily passed, there are people on the roadside gently applaud, such a country, very beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage classification education first into Jilin kindergarten Environmental Protection concept from the doll grabbed
27,a kindergarten in Jilin city, Jilin province to carry out garbage classification education class, teaching children to distinguish recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time garbage classification into the local early childhood education classroom.
Recently, Jilin Province nine departments jointly issued the "Jilin province to promote the classification of Municipal Solid Waste Treatment work program".
In 2019, on the basis of the Changchun municipal garbage compulsory classification pilot, the province decided to carry out garbage classification work in grade cities.
Jilin city is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, to achieve the effect of child-driven families, kindergarten-driven society, promote the concept of Environmental Protection .
Liu Lijuan, the executive director of hi Faner International Kindergarten, said.
On the same day, the garden director read out the Environmental Protection proposal, hoping to start from the children garbage classification.
After performing the "low-carbon babe" dance, the children started a small garbage sorting game.
Teachers also issued a "recyclable ""other garbage" label, suggesting that children go home and stick the label to the trash and record a small video.
Liu Lijuan introduction, the kindergarten has been advocating low-carbon, green environmental protection concept, regularly open environmental lecture hall.
In the park at the garbage disposal is also set up can be classified trash, marked above the delivery category.
Teacher teaches children what is recyclable waste cangyan photo
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of municipal solid waste generated in Jilin province in 2018 is about 5.4652 million tons, all into the garbage disposal site for processing.
Among them, 3,292,900 tons of sanitary landfills, incineration of 2,092,300 tons, 80,100 tons of comprehensive utilization process.
After years of efforts, cities and counties in the province have garbage harmless processing capacity.
Has issued the "Jilin province to promote municipal solid waste classification work program", clearly requires in-depth garbage classification into the campus, into textbooks, into the classroom and other activities, through the creation of garbage classification songs, songs, cartoons, micro-video works, strengthen interaction between students and parents, to“educate a child, affect a family, drive a community, cultivate a new generation”effect.
Mazda data released on September 27, August global sales of 117,015 vehicles.
Sales in China fell 21% due to the lack of new cars and reduced price cuts.
Japan's domestic sales fell by 6 % , and demand for the last train before the October consumption tax increase was limited.
In August, Mazda sold 17,729 units in China.
In August 2018, sales continued to decline by 13% over the previous year.
China's dedicated main SUV "CX-4" sales decreased by 14 % .
”CX-4 " launched in 2016 so far over a long time, the new car effect decreased.
Due to the strategy of improving brand value from a long-term perspective and reducing prices, it is also reported to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda sales in the United States grew 7% year-on-year to 27482 units, after a lapse of 14 months.
Sales of SUVs such as the CX-5 increased in August with one more day of sales than in the previous year.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6% to 14422 units.
The company said the pre-tax Rush was " not as high as it was in 2014."
Sales of small cars such as“Demio ” decreased.
Chirac died, and his political legacy survived.
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in a period of unprecedented upheaval, the French politician still deserves our praise for his political legacy.
Chirac served as president of France for 12 years in a charismatic manner.
He has inherited the diplomatic spirit of Charles de gaulleist independence and a strong support for European integration, and is a representative of the pursuit of the“European dream”.
At the same time, he is a strategic statesman who is a strong advocate of multipolarity and multilateralism in the world.
For this reason, the French Press described him as ” an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of Chirac's relatable political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France and Germany to withstand the pressure of the United States, at the forefront of anti-war.
A year after the war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to increased terror and make the world more dangerous.
Later, Chirac's warning proved to be quite correct.
At a time when European integration is in limbo and US unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices about international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great Enlightenment.
Chirac is also a French politician who is familiar and affectionate to the Chinese.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the“Golden Decade”of Sino-French relations.
In 2004, China-France established a comprehensive strategic partnership,and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the volume of bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly,and the cooperation between the two countries in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transport and other fields has made Breakthrough progress.
The year of Sino-French culture initiated by Chirac created a new cultural exchange model in the history of Sino-French.
Chirac's lifelong love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu,and even accurately judge the history of Chinese bronzes.
” Not looking at the pyramids is not really been to Egypt, not looking at the Qin figurines is not really been to China " — the Golden sentence comes from Chirac.
“ The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth, and China's political position internationally, " Mr. Chirac said in an exclusive interview with Xinhua news agency.
But I personally have confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it to establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and to assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. ”
I also believe that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to the world culture and enrich the world culture .
But Chirac's political legacy and revelations to the world will last forever.
”The 7th China Computer Society big data academic conference“was unveiled in Wuhan on 27th with the theme of”number converging Valley, wisdom to enjoy the future". nearly a thousand experts and scholars in the field of big data research and industry leaders are concerned about the hot research issues of big data and interpret the technological progress of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society(CCF), co-hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, organized 5 invited reports and 188 Forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technical and industry sub-forums, which focused on the basic theory of Big Data, Big Data Education, big data visualization, big data finance and
CCF big data academic conference to strengthen the links and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, promote interdisciplinary integration and the development of Big Data Industry for the purpose, after 7 Sessions, has developed into the exchange of scientific research results, the most influential big data academic conference, the conference content extended to the basic theory,
Hong Kong Legislative Council members jointly sign opposition to the US Hong Kong-related bill
Some members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the adoption of the 2019 Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act by the foreign committees of the Senate and House of representatives of the United States Congress.
The statement, co-signed by 40 members of the establishment, said that Hong Kong now enjoys the rights conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate tariff zone, and entering into and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements on trade, cooperation and development with different countries and regions in the economic, financial, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports in the name of“Hong Kong, China”.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
Hong Kong has always adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics.
The statement said the passage of the bill by the foreign committees of the Senate and House of representatives of the United States was not necessary, but in response to the call of its wretched Hong Kong agents as a means of gross interference in Hong Kong's internal affairs and seeking political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
Formed members of Parliament deeply regret this move and strongly oppose it.
The statement noted that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes the bill, it will not only harm Hong Kong and the United States ' own interests, but will also make Sino-US relations worse.
The statement said that Hong Kong would, as always, unswervingly implement the“one country, two systems”policy, continue to enjoy the rights conferred by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfil its obligations.
Whether past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international business.
The two Houses of Parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, the European Times reported on the 26th.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently said that France can not“accept everyone”, but at the same time to try to“properly accept”.
Macron is trying to find a compromise route on immigration matters to slow down the impending debate, the report said.
Recently, Macron said in an interview during the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly in New York, hopes that there is a real“two-pronged”plan on immigration policy, find a balance between humanitarian and efficiency.
“ France cannot accept everyone if it wants to be able to accept them properly, ” Macron said.
Macron cited four key points of immigration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting the integration of migrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficiently resettling those who have entered France illegally and are not in a position to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the AME system has been the subject of much discussion.
Macron said he would like to be able to“evaluate”the system, but not eliminate it, but restrict it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right“National Alliance”, tweeted that Macron's statement was“empty talk. ” 
Senate President Raschel, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a“moderate”but“realistic”manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Left-wing Socialist MP walau argued that France should“accept more and better ” on immigration, and criticized Macron for“manipulating”the issue.
The new asylum and immigration law, a year after it was enacted, has led to disagreements within the ruling party but at the same time has failed to appease the right-wing opposition.
In the next 2022 election, the issue of immigration policy will again be the focus of far-right attacks, and Macron will need to do something about it, but at the same time risk enraging left-wing members within the ruling party.
It is reported that immigration policy will be debated in the Lower House of the French National Assembly from 30 September and in the Senate from 2 October.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a“buy-back wave”, many listed companies have come up with“real money”to buy back the company's shares.
According to financial data service provider Oriental wealth statistics, as of 27, 2019 a-share listed companies to repurchase implementation of the total amount of more than 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same below), far more than the same period in previous years, a record high in the amount of funds to repurchase a-share shares.
In this regard, Shanghai Maike Rong information Consulting Limited Liability Company Chairman Xu Yang said that this year the overall valuation of the A-share market is low, with a relatively low price repurchase shares, is conducive to the use of listed companies to improve the efficiency of funds, but also reflects the willingness of listed companies to take the initiative to manage
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system, but also promote the listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed rules for the implementation of the repurchase of shares of listed companies,providing detailed specifications and guidelines for the repurchase of shares of listed companies.
According to the media statistics, since this year, has implemented a holding repurchase plan listed companies are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, real estate industry,information technology industry and electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, from the repurchase payment amount, this year there are six listed companies repurchase amount of more than 1 billion yuan.
Among them, in the first place is the Ely shares, its repurchase amount of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact does the repurchase of a listed company have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice president of the school of Finance and finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with China News Agency reporters that the repurchase on the one hand shows that the listed companies have strong economic strength and good financial situation, the ability to maintain the stability of the stock price, to investors confidence; on the other hand also shows
The former is based on the company's good operating performance,the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have a higher quality.
For the capital market, this is the core of the basic elements.
The repurchase of shares of listed companies will help boost investor confidence and support the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities research report estimates, according to the A-share listed companies since the beginning of this year under the overall number of expected stock repurchase, and has repurchased the average transaction price, this year to repurchase stocks for the A-share market to bring incremental capital is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
With nearly two months, the national key cultural unit Tianjin Tin Hau Temple large mural "Tin Hau Temple map" restoration work ended on the 26th, will be reopened during the national day of this year.
This is a large-scale traditional mural that fully reflects the life of Mazu.
Approved by the relevant departments of the state, by the former Tianjin Folk Museum (Tin Hau Temple) curator Cai changkui from 1991 to 1994 drawn.
It is understood that the mural painting in the main hall of Tin Hau Palace South, North palace wall, length of 32 meters, 2.6 meters high, divided into two parts, with Tin Hau birthday drop, ride the seat across the sea, the emergence of more than 30 stories, 358 characters reproduce the life story of Mazu.
Cai changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin summer rain, winter dry, this "wet and dry" led to the emergence of mural rupture, rupture part of the entire mural area of 60 % .
In order to protect, rescue Mazu deeds mural, Nankai district of Tianjin city ancient culture Street Management Committee and Tin Hau Palace started the Tin Hau palace hall and Hall mural restoration project.
The restoration was led by Cai Chang-kui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
Restoration work in line with the principle of‘repair old as old’, but also the original mural to do local content adjustment, the original mural is not perfect place to supplement repair.
In the repair, we also made innovations and attempts in color, material, ink and other aspects.
After the restoration, the original mural style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style are maintained .
Tin Hau Temple was built in 1326, formerly known as the Tianyi Palace, commonly known as the Empress Palace, after several reconstruction, is the oldest building complex in Tianjin, is also one of the earliest surviving Mazu temple in China.
On September 25, the launch ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal building shape meaning“phoenix wings”, known as“the first of the Seven Wonders of the new world".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is overloaded, last year carrying 100 million + passengers, after the United States Atlanta airport, the world's second annual passenger throughput of over 100 million passengers.
By 2022, Beijing Daxing International Airport passenger throughput will reach 45 million, international flights accounted for 20%; by 2025, passenger throughput will reach 72 million, international flights accounted for 30%.
As a "new country", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing district of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang city, Hebei province.
The steel roof of its terminal has a projected floor area of 180,000 square meters, the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival levels and two departure levels — F1 — F4 are international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure, international departure.
The two-storey bridge connecting the expressway and the airport outside the terminal building corresponds to the terminal F3 and F4, respectively-international departure take the upper level, domestic departure can be two floors.
Beijing Daxing International Airport inaugurated the Beijing”double Airport " era.
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, national development of new power source, supporting the construction of Xiong'an new area of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei regional integrated transportation hub,so far, a total of 66 airlines have the intention to settle in Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and foreign
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes.
This with the Beijing Capital International Airport to form a coordinated development, moderate competition, with international first-class competitiveness of the“double hub " airport pattern, not only to ease the capital airport capacity saturation operating pressure, but also to better meet the urgent needs of Beijing and the surrounding areas of the rapid growth of air transport, effectively enhance the international competitiveness of China's
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport fully consider the relationship between location, airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment, airport runway in China for the first time using the "omnidirectional" layout, using the world's largest air traffic control automation system, the establishment of China's largest terminal control area, can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time in China, airports of this size have adopted a domestic automatic baggage handling and information management system.
Beijing Daxing International Airport inaugurated, indicating the phoenix wings cool takeoff.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic first, with a localization rate of more than 98%, will have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industry in the surrounding areas, and inject vitality into the economic development of Beijing.
MCA is tentatively scheduled to convene a meeting in November to reduce the age of admission to the party to 16 years old
MCA is tentatively scheduled to convene a central Congress in early November to amend the party constitution to lower the age of membership to the party to 16 years old.
Following the adoption of a lower voting age in the general election by the National Assembly, MCA announced that the 66th central Congress will be convened this year to propose changes to the party constitution, including a lower age for MCA membership from the current 18 to 16 years old.
MCA president Datuk Seri Wai Ka-Cheung said that the MCA Central Committee had been scheduled to hold the central Congress on 2 and 3 November this year,but the date of the Congress may change due to the by-election of the Tanjung biai Parliament.
He said that since the election committee would meet only on 1 October to finalize the nomination day and the voting day for the Tanjung biai seat by-election, they would meet the following day, 2 October, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of the central committee meeting yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the Congress and amend the Constitution of the party, but just happened to run into the indigenous Unity Party Tanjung biai congressman Datuk Mohammad FA Li unfortunately died, and therefore joined the agenda of the state seat by-election.
Shandong original Shouguang county party secretary Wang Boxiang-qiangxian Fumin pure heart-Xinhua Net
Wang Boxiang, Shandong Shouguang, born in February 1943, joined the work in 1967, has served as the township party secretary, County Secretary, mayor and other positions.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was the party secretary of Shouguang County in Shandong province, then Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
In Shouguang served for 5 years, Wang Boxiang heart for the people's heart, focused on doing three things: one is to promote the industrialization of vegetables; two is the development of Shouguang North saline Beach; three is to lay the foundation for industrial turn over, let Shouguang from this muster up the pocket, straight up the waist.
Shouguang farmers have a vegetable tradition, but also have a lesson in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers grow crops but can not sell, rot in the ground.
Wang Boxiang research found that the key to catch vegetables is to do a good job in circulation.
Shouguang took the lead to build a vegetable wholesale market, opened the prelude to the development of market economy.
Party cadres want to take the lead, messed up, all the losses the county bears .
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, three yuan Zhu village Wang Leyi and other 17 party members engaged in 17 winter warm vegetable greenhouses, when the village out of 17 "double million households".
Then the county set up a promotion group, under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi in each township tour guide; the first year to promote more than 5000 vegetable greenhouses, vegetable greenhouses such as Prairie Fire to the county and even the country.
For thousands of years, Shou North 1.6 million acres of land in addition to saline Beach, is shallow beach.
The local people live very hard.
Shounan has vegetable greenhouses, shoubei what to do?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to engage in a general battle, camp on the barren alkali Beach, a dry is forty or fifty days.
At that time, shoubei developed 150,000 acres of shrimp pond, 200,000 acres of salt fields, 600,000 acres of cotton fields, developed a“cornucopia " on the Saline-Alkali Beach.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang for the first time as the county party secretary to attend the Weifang City Industrial Conference.
During the meeting, issued a "twelve counties of Weifang City industrial economic figures comparison table", at first glance industrial output value, Shouguang is also good, ranked fourth.
But if the original salt removed, Shouguang pure industrial output value of only 119 million yuan, ranked third in the penultimate.
Wang Boxiang with more than 70 people's learning group, went to the field to " change the brain."
Back less than a year, the county invested 150 million yuan, on 77 projects.
Since then, we have organized“study groups " every year to study in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lack of enterprises, more lack of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a thematic meeting clapping: in the county open selection of factory managers, 40 "enterprising people" stand out, pushed on the industrial front.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties, Wang Boxiang was transferred to the deputy mayor of Weifang city.
He left, is more than 200,000 vegetable greenhouses, is 1.2 million acres of cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds, is 4854 Enterprises, is more than 100,000 "million households", is recognized by the people cadres. Shouguang people still affectionately call him " our secretary Bo Xiang."
On September 26, local time, state councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations headquarters in New York.
The ministers for foreign affairs of Côte d'ivoire Tano, Equatorial Guinea Oyono, South Africa Pandor, and the ministers for foreign affairs of Niger Kara and Tunisia jeshinawi, the current members of the Security Council, attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four proposals on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, by uniting forces.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism.the direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations have been challenged and the role of the United Nations has been affected, to the detriment of the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to hold hands, work side by side and unite in order to have strength.
In the council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the weight of focus is not just three votes, but the continent as a whole.
If China and Africa stand together, it will not be just four votes; it will lead other countries to follow up, influence and shape the council's agenda.
Since 2018, China has established a“3+1”coordination mechanism with African members of the council.
Second, by negotiation to resolve disputes.
China has always advocated a political solution to hot-spot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the council & apos; s agenda, particularly the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the bane of colonialism, while others are directly related to external factors.
We should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self-reliance.
African countries and peoples know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the capacity and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot-spot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting the will of Africa. it should play the role of regional and subregional organizations and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote capacity-building for autonomous peace operations in Africa.
Fourth, to rule the root by development.
China and the majority of African countries are developing countries. we should insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other in the development path chosen by each other.
China is ready to closely link the Belt and Road initiative with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capabilities and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
Together, we should urge the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has once again erupted. China has provided and will continue to provide full assistance and assistance in human and material terms within its means. it is ready to coordinate its actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, who and others to increase their assistance and play the role of the United Nations stabilization mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatology and other relay to save small lives.
Thrilling!
On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby can not wait to be born in his father's car co-driver.
Thanks to the timely treatment of Obstetricians and neonatologists, the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally,on the 19th, 20th, 21st, Hubei province maternal and Child Health Hospital obstetrics and neonatology for three consecutive days admitted three premature babies born on the road, the other two were born in 120 ambulance, are 29 weeks of premature babies.
Ms. Cheng is a second-born pregnant mother, September 19 at 7 in the morning, she felt a little pain in the stomach, thinking that 32 weeks pregnant,and the first baby is premature, she packed the items for delivery, ready to take a shower directly to the hospital.
After 9: 30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Did not expect the car just opened the door soon, the baby can not wait to be born in the father's car co-driver.
20 minutes later, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the Hubei Provincial maternal and Child Health Hospital obstetrics and gynecology building.
Hospital security saw the panic of the couple and the baby, immediately informed the maternity ward, deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and other 4 doctors and midwives Liu Yanyan took the birth package and umbilical disk rushed downstairs.
"At that time, the mother half lying on the co-driver of the car, under the body is amniotic fluid and blood,a baby boy beside, also connected to the umbilical cord . ”
Zhang Huan asked that the baby is a 32-week premature baby, parents on the way did not have time to cover the package to the child, the early autumn morning has been cool, he was cold skin pale, no crying, limbs limp.
Liu Yanyan quickly to the co-driver to deal with the baby umbilical cord, Zhang Huan from the cab into, quickly opened the production package, with the inside of the treatment towel and production package cloth to the child package several layers of warm, and to clean up the respiratory tract of newborns (figure), then holding the baby to the 12th floor neonatology.
Neonatal care after learning the news, immediately rushed to the nurse station on the spot to rescue the premature baby.
At that time the baby looked purple, there was suffocation hypoxia, the doctor immediately gave him an endotracheal tube, less than a minute, the baby regained heartbeat, skin color is gradually restored Ruddy, resuscitation success.
After admission, the 32-week baby on a invasive ventilator, after continuous rescue, breathing smoothly, the next day has been successfully withdrawn.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable,breathing is smooth, and a small amount of milk has been started.
Coincidentally,on the 19th, 20th, 21st, the hospital obstetrics and neonatology for three consecutive days admitted three premature babies born on the road, the other two were born in 120 ambulance, are 29 weeks of premature babies, currently active treatment in neonatology.
Provincial maternal and Child Health Hospital obstetrics director Sun Guoqiang, in recent years, the province received a lot of mothers and children were born on the subway, the baby in the private car, this situation may be a threat to the life of the mother and child.
Sun reminded, pregnant mother once abdominal pain, broken water, red and other phenomena, should immediately come to the hospital.
In case of giving birth at home or on the road, the mother should try to supine position, can be in the hip pad blankets, etc., to prevent the baby after delivery head hit the ground, the child should be warm immediately after delivery, as soon as possible to the nearest doctor.
The new aviation technology company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the launch of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair associate.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
The company's associate partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the world's largest and highest — level Aircraft Maintenance Group, said Yang Zhicheng, general manager.
We believe that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides, but also the beginning of the future prospects of cooperation between the two sides.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of experience with ST Engineering will enable affiliates to provide international-class maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines.
The birth of VSTEA has helped Transair to enter the vast market for aircraft equipment maintenance and repair.
At the same time ushered in a great opportunity to access modern technology and training senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: manufacturing has become the focus of attention of the world's major countries-Xinhua
Xinhua news agency, Hefei, September 27, recently, the State Intellectual Property operation public service platform in Hefei, Anhui province, released the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index white paper.
The White Paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is the reporter in Hefei held the "2019 World manufacturing Congress intellectual property operation and Protection Forum" to understand the situation.
The forum focused on intellectual property to help China's manufacturing upgrade,from the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, comprehensively explore the manufacturing industry intellectual property operation and protection of innovative measures, in-depth discussion of manufacturing intellectual property protection hot topics, continue to enhance the ability of high-quality use of intellectual property rights, accelerate the
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote the use of intellectual property rights.
In the forum, Anhui province market supervision and Administration Bureau released the "patent navigation Anhui province innovation and development quality analysis and evaluation" report, according to the patent navigation regional innovation and development index of high quality results, Anhui province in 2018 patent navigation regional innovation and development index of high quality in the country's 31 provinces and cities ranked eighth, innovation
The forum was hosted by the people's government of Anhui province, jointly hosted by the Anhui market supervision and Administration Bureau, the State Intellectual Property operation public service platform and China intellectual property development alliance.
2019 China Net race today unveiled a number of Olympic champions to attend the opening ceremony
Many Olympic champions attend the opening ceremony and the audience will sing "me and my country" with the Youth Choir》
The 2019 China Open tennis tournament will be officially opened today at the National Tennis Center, before the evening opening game, the organizing committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony, a number of Olympic champions and sports celebrities will be gathered in the Diamond stadium, guests to participate in the opening ceremony, the audience will be with the children of the
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in the tennis boom, the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans holidays.
China Tennis Open since its inception in 2004, has gone through 15 spring and autumn, this year is held for the 16th time.
And this year the total prize money online tournament is another record high, reaching $ 11.16 million.
The women's Crown Game total prize of $ 7.64 million, and Indian Wells, Miami, the two crown game compared to the two women's singles game is 96 sign, and the network is 60 sign, so for the players, the network competition is more " cost-effective ” .
Net men'S ATP500 points total prize is a record high, from last year's $ 3.4 million to $ 3.52 million, the number of bonuses continue to lead ATP500 points, and held the same week ATP500 Tokyo Station total prize is about $ 2 million.
There will be a brief and grand opening ceremony ahead of the first game scheduled at Central Stadium tonight.
In addition to leaders and some players attending tonight's opening ceremony, there will be ten leaders from all fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic and world champions.
After the opening ceremony of the Central Court of the first match is a WTA first round of events, by the Chinese Jinhua Peng Shuai against Russian players Casa Kinna, the next second game by the United States rookie Sophia Kennin challenge 2015 Women's singles champion mugulaza, which opened the 2019 net curtain.
”The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world " is engaged!
According to the British "Metro" News, Buckingham Palace 26 announced that the British Princess Beatrice and mozzie engaged.
It is reported that Mozi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development work.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the eldest daughter of Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, ranked fifth in the succession to the British throne, known as“the world's most beautiful unmarried Princess."
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on social networks on the 26th and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. mozzie are engaged . ”
Britain said the two were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
The two said in a statement that we are very happy to share the news of the engagement with you.
We are excited to be able to embark on the journey of life together,and we can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable, loving and happy in the years to come.
Three points for a free throw?
Beijing time on the 27th, the NBA Development League announced the trial penalty new rules, each penalty shot only once, the score is determined by the foul situation.
O'neill has a low penalty shot rate among NBA stars.
The new rules, two points into the shooting foul penalty can get 2 points, three points into the shooting foul penalty can get 3 points, plus Penalty Penalty Penalty into 1 point.
Regular time for the last two minutes and extra time, follow the previous rules of free throws.
Although the new season is only in the NBA Development League trial, but fans are more concerned about, if the provisions in the NBA, for the current players will have what effect.
For now, many people think that the new rules may be good for“bearded”Harden, and the penalty is relatively not so good James, to“suffer”.
Wuhan to promote the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to give the highest subsidy of 20 million yuan
Reporter 27 from the Wuhan city government news office held the "salute new China welcomes the military games" City series conference was informed that since this year, the city to accelerate the transformation of industrial intelligence, and the implementation of the highest to 20 million yuan of the transformation grant measures.
Up to now, has collected more than 800 industrial enterprises above the scale of intelligent transformation needs information.
Wuhan city economic and Information Technology Bureau deputy director Zhang Hong introduced, this year, Wuhan started intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises action plan, for the needs of industrial enterprises above the scale to provide free consulting and diagnostic services and proposed solutions, comprehensively promote a new round of high-level technological transformation of enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan city every year open selection of a number of specialized diagnostic services, through the opening of columns, questionnaires, home filling and other forms, for all industrial enterprises above the city's scale to carry out intelligent transformation needs survey.
So far, it has collected more than 800 industrial enterprises on the regulation of intelligent transformation demand information, accounting for nearly one-third of the city's industrial enterprises above the scale.
5 municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams in batches to carry out”one-to-one " on-site assessment and demonstration.
Zhang Hong introduced, at present the city is organizing the implementation of intelligent transformation project 373, plans a total investment of 29.76 billion yuan, Hongxin communications in central China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, Aerospace Science and industry the first batch of satellite production line, Huisheng biological world
In addition, Wuhan also increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, according to the actual completion of the investment; including equipment hardware investment, R & D soft investment, to 8%, up to 20 million yuan of the transformation grant.
At the same time, actively Joint Stock Exchange Bank, Zhejiang Commercial Bank Wuhan branch and other financial institutions, specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to provide personalized financial services, and vigorously ease the pressure of enterprise financing.
Can Trudeau be re-elected?
This time Trudeau tripped out of a slip head " pit”, is Trudeau himself a little bit dug out.
Recently, the Canadian media has exposed a number of old photos of the current Prime Minister Trudeau, Trudeau in the photo will dress himself as a black image.
This was seen as a clear act of racial discrimination, which immediately triggered an uproar in Canada.
After what happened, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian population is not how to buy it.
Trudeau is a rock hit his feet.
As political commentators Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the anti-blackface movement from the United States, Trudeau and the federal Liberal Party have high-profile accused opposition parties or their own dissenters of a“big loss”in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened“that whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately. ” 
In simple terms, the Trudeau trip out of a slip head " pit”, is Trudeau himself a little bit dug out.
Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is a handsome young man who had a whirlwind of“political idols”when he first debuted.
Originally a "political amateur," he took over as the head of the federal Liberal Party and fought an unexpectedly good fight in the 2015 federal legislative elections in Canada — with the federal Liberal Party having more than half of its seats in the federal lower house, gaining valuable power to form a separate government.
At that time, Trudeau put forward a number of daunting political platform, ideas, such as“ethnic and gender equality”, “ ecological environmental protection ” and “ economic revitalization”, emphasizing the elimination of corruption and“unfair practices”and so on.
However, in his five years in power, he has been “ high and low ” in almost all of the above.
Take the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality“, aside from the”black face" incident, after he on a series of Aboriginal issues "lip service", the Aboriginal groups, leaders on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada to move the protest tent to the front door of Congress Hill.
In the fight against corruption, at the end of last year, early this year, Trudeau was involved in the uproar of the "lanwanling incident".
It was exposed to his hometown construction engineering company“LAN Wanling”major irregularities favoritism cases, to the responsible investigation departments and officials to pressure the latter to " give up."
Moreover, Trudeau turned his anger on the official who revealed the abuses-Wang zhoudi, the attorney general of Canada at the time, who was the first to do so and directly handle the cases.
Although the case itself remains questionable, it is difficult to wash away the suspicion.
Many observers point out that Trudeau's ruling five years of collapse, mainly due to their own "planing pit", and the largest“pit”than "Tiger head and tail", "Boomerang" and "wide than the law of their own, strict than the law of people"these three.
According to Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll, since 2015, the number of respondents who support Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
While other opposition parties and their party leaders have performed similarly poorly, even a significant number of voters who are still willing to vote for the federal Freedom Party are now dismissive of the Federal prime minister, the ruling party leader.
On October 21, when the new federal legislative elections in Canada are about to begin,Will Trudeau be able to repeat what he won five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether it is from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience level, or from the integration of regional aviation, Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Development Integration level, have far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport officially opened.
Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing development and Reform Commission, the Capital Airport has been in a super-saturated operating state, the opening of Daxing International Airport, will enhance the capital Air Service capacity.
Following Shanghai, Beijing has become China's second city with two airports City, and Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is similar to international shipping and aviation, the future capital airport and Daxing Airport will also serve the domestic and international aviation business differentiation positioning, to provide more segmented services.
Daxing airport navigation, from the business development point of view, for the Capital Airport is more positive impact.
In 2018, the passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million passengers, ranking first in the country,but compared with the rapid growth of business needs, there are still significant poor capacity, especially international routes demand has a large gap.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers travel, travel and other needs, to adapt to the increasingly open Beijing, with international standards of Urban Development Trend, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, plans to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers, cargo and Mail throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports do not overlap, respectively, for different customer groups, but also have enough market space.
From the economic account level,Daxing International Airport navigation, obviously will form a win-win effect, ease the tension of Beijing air capacity, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, to create Capital Aviation dual-core operation of the incremental cake.
From the user's point of view, with the Daxing International Airport navigation, the future does not have to focus on the capital airport travel, you can also reduce the route is too concentrated brought about by a series of problems, such as the station to protect the longer time, passengers boarding slower, indirectly increase the aircraft and passengers in the airport residence time,
According to the media to go to the large international airport a variety of traffic routes time and cost estimates, such as from the South five ring road to go directly on the Beijing Open high-speed Daxing Airport expressway, drive it 50 minutes to, oil money back and forth about 40 yuan, high-speed fee of 15 yuan; and the choice of rail transit subway Daxing Airport line, according to the distance to 20 km, 30 km is limited, the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan, 35 yuan third gear; the public can also take jingxiong intercity, from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport station as long as more than 20 minutes.
Overall, the public to Daxing Airport has a variety of transport options, the cost and time are within a more reasonable range.
From the point of view of trend development: Daxing Airport positioning is Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, so the distance from the Beijing area slightly farther,but strengthened the radiation of Hebei, Tianjin, convenient for more people to travel, to pull Hebei, Tianjin Economic Development is of great significance.
In the future, Hebei and Tianjin passengers can enjoy more International Air Line services provided by Daxing International Airport,which can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
In addition to the new airport line, which is directly connected to Daxing Airport in Beijing, there are many expressways connecting Daxing Airport and the surrounding area.
This is just as Guangdong Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities passengers can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via Guangzhou-Foshan, Guangzhou-Shenzhen Expressway, Beijing surrounding Langfang, Xiong'an district and other residents will also benefit from Daxing airport, access to convenient and efficient aviation services.
It can be seen, Daxing International Airport navigation, not only increased a few runways and a few aircraft only, whether it is from the enterprise competition level, consumer experience level, or from the regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Development Integration level, have far-reaching impact and positive significance, not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing shipping industry,
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only count the small account of the individual in the economy, but also count the big account of the overall development.
On the 27th, the small board index rose 1.46 % - Xinhua Net
Xinhua news agency Shenzhen on September 27 (reporter Zhao Ruixi) on the 27th of the small board refers to the high open high, the final closing of 6077.23 points, 87.55 points higher than the previous trading day, or 1.46 % .
On that day, the small and medium-sized board transaction amount of 108 billion yuan, compared with the previous trading day decreased by 31.9 billion yuan.
Small and medium-sized board Day trading stocks, 668 stocks closed up, honggao creative 15 stocks limit; 222 stocks closed down, Shun Wei shares 4 stocks stop; Weixing shares 40 stocks close.
2019 Vietnam economic and Social Issues forum held in Cheng Tien Hue province
Vietnam's economic and Social Development showed many new improvements and continued growth at the beginning of this year, said Nguyen de Jian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the Vietnamese parliament.
The forum focused on the prominent economic and social issues in the first months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, participants exchanged views and opinions on four topics, including economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some outstanding issues in Vietnam's economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and forecasts and recommendations for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that the first months of 2019 saw a slowdown in global economic growth and increased risks and challenges.
Trade friction among major economies has further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) concluded that despite the uncertainty of the global economy, with 70% of the world's economies in stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development still has made many gratifying achievements, macroeconomic smooth operation, inflation is effectively controlled, the Consumer Price Index in the first half of 2019 average growth of 2.64%, the lowest growth in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019, down from 7.05% in the same period last year, but still at a high level compared to the same period in 2011-2017.
In forecasting the economic development trend of Vietnam from 2019 to 2020, Tang deying, deputy director of the National Economic and social forecasting center of Vietnam, said that in the context of the world economic turmoil, the Vietnamese economy in 2019 showed a high growth momentum.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macroeconomic stability will continue, the implementation of various free trade agreements will boost trade development, economic restructuring, business environment improvement work has been further strengthened, due to the impact of trade friction, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
It is therefore necessary to strengthen monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanisms, proactively seek trade relief measures for Vietnamese exports,and seek opportunities to expand new export markets, so as to facilitate the export of various commodities, such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate at a reasonable level, thereby promoting the development of auxiliary industries, support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, head of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, hosted a reception in Siem Reap on 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of new China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's livelihood.
As the world's second-largest economy, China's contribution to World Economic Growth is more than 30%, especially the Belt and Road Initiative, and the deepening cooperation between local Chinese provinces and cities and the provinces of Siem Reap and the collar region, said Liu Zhijie.
He said that this year is the beginning of 61 years of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia,the two countries have a fraternal friendship, China and Cambodia mutually beneficial cooperation will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
The governor of Siem Reap, Di saehah, highly commended the great achievements of the new China over the past 70 years and congratulated the two countries on the results of their friendly cooperation.
Di saihar expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote friendship and cooperation between China and Cambodia, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
Di saihar said, Siem Reap province and the Chinese provinces and cities of friendly contacts eye-catching, so far with 28 provinces and cities in China to conclude friendly city relations, large-scale cultural performing arts project“Angkor smile”and "Angkor dynasty" landing, Siem Reap-Guangxi agricultural demonstration Park, Siem Reap new international airport project, Siem Reap provincial government officials special training courses, Siem Reap students to study in China Scholarship,
The reception was attended by the secretary of state of the Ministry of defence of Cambodia, Mr. Ken Wensong, chairman of the Council of Siem Reap province, the governor of the 5 provinces of the territory, the Siem Reap branch of the Council of Cambodia, volunteer teachers, representatives of the Cambodian Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of foreign embassies in Siem Reap.
Witness Digital China's decade of“cloud up ” in Yunqi Town-Xinhua
If you take the 2009 local website forum as the starting point, the 2019 cloud Habitat conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 years has gone through a full decade.
From the concept of”cloud“to the practice of”cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in 10 years.
In Zhengtai new energy photovoltaic cell workshop located in Haining, Zhejiang province, recently beside the quality inspector more loaded with Ali Cloud Artificial Intelligence new "colleagues".
It is 24 hours a day, recognition speed is more than twice the artificial, quality inspection accuracy rate is stable at more than 95%.
According to the company's responsible person, the“quality inspector " with the camera has focused on learning more than 40,000 defective samples, with the cloud computing power behind, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language, there will be defective cell classification placed.
This enterprise is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing power manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of industry and Information Technology issued the " guide to promote enterprise cloud implementation (2018-2020)", which proposes that by 2020, enterprises will strive to achieve a significant increase in cloud awareness and enthusiasm, and significantly increase the proportion of cloud and application depth.
Alibaba Cloud founder Wang Jian said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for the digital economy, where data is a key element.
At the same time, 10 years, China's cloud computing industry is also expanding.
The "cloud computing development white paper (2019)" released by China Information and Communication Research Institute in July this year shows that the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming the key technology to support industrial transformation and digital economic development, the invisible“cloud”has also unknowingly changed urban management and social life.
This year, the cloud Habitat conference, three consecutive years of appearance of the "urban brain" is still attracting attention.
Alibaba Cloud, the current urban brain has become the hub of urban management from traffic management tools,related cooperation applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain through powerful computing power, so that the "first parking after payment”, “ real-time perception of the number of patients”," travel route design " and other new urban management services can be realized.
In the field of government services, with”a cloud "docking" one thing”, ” handheld office “ ”handheld office " collaborative promotion, cloud computing for the supply of government services at both ends of the convenience.
At present, Zhejiang through the government cloud, has built a unified public data platform across the province.
As of September 11,this platform has covered the province's more than 57 million resident population and more than 15 million legal entities, collated 3066 19.08 billion data.
Zhejiang province government departments between the average monthly calls, shared data has reached 12 million times, every time the data on the’cloud ' call flow, may mean that the masses do less errands .
Make tea with caution with plastic tea bags!
According to the "Central News Agency" reported recently, a new study in Canada found that a bag of plastic tea bags may release billions, or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than a person estimated annual intake of microplastics, but so far there is no evidence that the intake of plastic particles will pose a threat to humans.
According to reports, researchers at Maggie University in Canada found that the plastic tea bag immersed in a cup of almost boiled hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bag will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano plastic particles to the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than a person estimated intake of microplastics throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, average people eat at least 50,000 plastic particles a year, while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that the study, published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal shops and cafes, opened the tea bag, the tea bag after washing immersed in almost boiling water for 5 minutes, and then analyzed with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that more than 11.6 billion plastic particles were released in a single tea bag, “ several stages higher than the plastic load on other foods previously. ” 
The report said that most tea bags made of natural fiber, but many use natural fiber tea bag brands still use plastic to seal.
Some brand tea bags have moved from paper to plastic, which the researchers tested.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic, researchers define these microplastics between 100 nanometers and 5 mm in size, mainly generated by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest ditches around the world, as well as in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers first discovered plastic particles in samples of human feces in several countries in different regions of the world.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian team put Daphnia magna in contaminated water and found that microplastics affect the behaviour of these Daphnia magna and cause them to develop developmental abnormalities.
According to the World Health Organization(who), so far there is no evidence that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO notes that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculated that the bags released large amounts of plastic particles, may be due to the plastic tea bags in contact with boiling water, even when the”food grade " plastic is heated to 40 degrees Celsius above, may also break down or oozing toxic substances.
Guterres says climate emergencies are the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster could erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the devastation in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes this year.
About a quarter of Small Island Developing States live at an altitude of 5 metres or less.
Evictions can seriously affect their societies and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At Monday's Climate Action Summit, small island states are once again leading the world in the right direction by working together to achieve carbon-neutral, 100% renewable energy by 2030.
“ The climate crisis is piling up new injustices on top of old injustices, " Guterres said.
Despite their small contribution to global warming, small island developing states have paid the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also caught in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disasters and debt.
The world must act, and it was time to take major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing states. ”
Today & apos; s high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for the search for ways to help small island developing states manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and make the transition to renewable energy; and urging international institutions to help small island developing states, particularly the heavily indebted middle-income countries, to access financial resources.
Small island developing states are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the lifeline of the Earth — the oceans.
The latest Special Report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on climate change confirms that the oceans have suffered the“sweeping”consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of the century, extreme sea-level rise may occur every year in many regions that would have occurred only once in a century.
The report warns that without substantial investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution,overfishing and acidification have resulted in huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
Demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a decline in resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island states also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some states are also working to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
“ By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, it can be solved anywhere, " Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing states to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples that the world can learn from. ”
He stressed that small island developing states were a special case for Sustainable Development.
They require long-term attention and investment from the entire international community.
India's Ministry of Finance says the financial system is liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th, the current financial system liquidity, driven by holiday consumer demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of the fiscal year.
This statement was made after a meeting with representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions in India.
Sitaraman did not specify the relevance of these statements.
Earlier, some Indian and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown in India's economy on liquidity constraints in non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in car sales as an example, denying that liquidity constraints were the main cause of the decline.
Sitaraman noted that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman expects India's economic growth to resume in the next half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday spending.
India's annual shopping season starts in September and will last until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly boost India's economic growth.
Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education recently issued a notice, it is strictly prohibited in the province's primary and secondary schools during the National Day holiday to make up for illegal classes, and will organize random visits.
In the next issue of the "on the Prohibition of National Day holiday irregularities make-up notice", Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education stressed that primary and secondary schools around the national day period should firmly do: shall not organize students collective make-up classes or new classes, shall not be held subject training courses, specialty classes, Orsay classes, interest classes, improve classes, etc., shall not be
At the same time, it is strictly prohibited in-service primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to participate in school and outside illegal make-up classes, it is strictly prohibited in-service primary and secondary school teachers to participate in off-campus training institutions or by other teachers, parents, Parents ' Committees and other organizations of illegal make-up classes, it is strictly prohibited in-service primary and secondary school teachers for off-campus training institutions and others to introduce students, provide relevant information.
Notice clear, for the verification of violations of the primary and secondary schools make-up behavior, will be on the seat of the Administrative Department of education in the year county-level government high-quality development of education in the assessment of increased deductions; to participate in illegal make-up teachers, will be based on the relevant provisions of the teacher and moral
Support hog production and market supply
Sui loyalty requirements from six aspects to do a good job in the implementation of various measures
The province to promote the production of pigs to ensure market supply video and teleconference held today, on the implementation of the central and provincial party committee, the provincial government on supporting the production of pigs to ensure market supply policy measures to mobilize and deploy again.
Sui loyalty requirements, from six aspects to do a good job of pig production measures to implement.
Grasp the”basket " mayor responsibility system implementation, this year the province's clear 45 million pigs slaughter task has been broken down to the city and state, into the Responsibility System Assessment.
We will pay close attention to the implementation of various policies and measures, and effectively solve the problem of the“last mile”of policy implementation.
Do a good job in the implementation of the production of sows can multiply, seriously implement the subsidy policy can multiply sows, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, planned to retain excellent sows from the commercial swine population.
Pay close attention to the implementation of investment promotion, has not yet entered the province's well-known large-scale aquaculture enterprises as investment promotion of the top priority.
Do a good job in the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the transition from”Tune pig“to”tune meat".
Do a good job in the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, around to be equipped with farming scale and tasks to adapt to the grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel, build a firm first line of defense against disease prevention and control.
Sui loyalty requirements, to protect the meat market supply, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortage, a wide range of off-supply, to ensure a stable supply of major holidays pork market.
The meeting also continued to grasp the African swine plague prevention and control, the governor River Basin important waters of the ban and retreat, the province's Rice acquisition and other work were deployed.
Talk about the motherland, the national soul White Rabbit and other old representatives of Shanghai party class for college students
”I and my country "campus punch card let college students "happy".
In celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China, Shanghai soap, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit, fresh to four famous Shanghai old 27 gathered in East China University of Science and technology“art party Class”, 4 average history of more than 90 years of Shanghai old representative, Qi Qi for more than 200 young students about the old
The site of the Old Brand Products Exhibition.
In the classroom about the love let students sigh did not expect, outside the classroom carefully arranged the old brand of product exhibition, and“me and my motherland”campus punch card let college students“happy”.
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream ... as an old brand, White Rabbit Milk Sugar in recent years, actively seeking change, take the initiative, adhere to innovation and cross-border.
Born in 1959, the White Rabbit is celebrating its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also looks to the youth consumer groups.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. party branch secretary, deputy general manager Wang Weijie mentioned "spring is full of abalone, summer scorching fish, autumn bleak drunk shrimp, winter clouds drunk crab" scene, reflecting the people in the”Eat " aspects of innovation.
The company also from the taste innovation, comic packaging design and other aspects to further tap the brand culture, in order to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
Long-standing representatives in the”art party class " on the scene about the road of innovation.
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Fresh to ribs rice cake Catering Co., Ltd. also believes that " all innovation is inseparable from a solid foundation, each time the Old innovation is a process of accumulation."
Everyone's heart is hidden in the old expectations.
Product-centric, small and beautiful era should begin . ”
As one of the first batch of“Chinese Old”, Shanghai Fresh also quickly adapt to the market trend, VI visual upgrade of the brand, the introduction of professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"The old name is not only in the supermarket and other traditional channels can be seen, now the old name will actively participate in New Retail and various activities.
All of our changes ultimately have to achieve such a goal that consumers can see, hear, and finally buy . ”
Shanghai soap(Group)Co., Ltd. deputy general manager Ouyang Yiling said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to the high-end development, system development prospects, customer satisfaction of energy-saving and environmental protection products, adhere to the high-tech content, high economic efficiency of the road.
Through the art party class, the students gained a lot.
The old name accompanied my growth, carrying a child of good memories and emotions . ”
Song Yuyuan students lamented.
Shanghai old representative for more than 200 young students about the old brand of the motherland, national soul.
Zhou Yiting students said, how to tap the brand culture, so that the quality of traditional culture from generation to generation, Endless, is our design students, need to think and explore the problem.
Relying on the“Shanghai image”project of Dean Ding Wei of the school of art of East China University of Science and technology, and professor ni Jun's“old Integrated Brand Innovation Studio”, the party class hopes to tap into the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the old ones, enhance the cultural radiation of the old ones in Shanghai, and achieve the industrial effect of“1+1>2”in the form of“design+culture”, and show Shanghai Culture From a new perspective.
It is reported that the "art party class" will continue to invite you, painting masters, pottery Masters, non-heritage Masters, architects, landscape Masters as lecturers, through their innovation and stick to the heritage of Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, to further strengthen the ideal belief of college students, the patriotic feelings of college students, with works to speak, make works sound,
Mr. Abe recorded a video to wish the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China and said a sentence in Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: good evening, I'm Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people & apos; s Republic of China, I would like to extend warm congratulations on behalf of the government and people of Japan.
At the G20 summit in Osaka in June, Japan and China agreed to cooperate to make the summit a success.
In addition, at the summit meeting and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring,while unanimously determined to open a new era for Japan and China.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to address the issues facing the region and the world and contribute to the international community in a way that will help build a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations to flourish and my friends a prosperous career.
"Some of the over-age migrant workers on the site are estimated to account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
The construction site also do not want to use so many ' old people’, there is no way. ”
Recently, there are a lot of overage migrant workers on the site(over retirement age)phenomenon, for many years in the construction industry to do engineering contractors Zou Kui lamented.
Recently, the author of the University where the rain sewage diversion project, there have been a lot of migrant workers on campus,if pay attention to observe, you will find that there are a lot of overage migrant workers.
Over — age migrant workers are not“idle, ” but because they are“unable to idle, ” and have the helplessness and hardship of“having to do so” — whether saving money to solve their pension and medical problems, or helping their children, they are driving the old people who should have been“idle”to continue to work hard.
The“old age " of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we thought.
Raising children,supporting the elderly,for children to read books,help children build buildings to buy cars,help children start a family, raising grandchildren across generations,when these migrant workers have completed the "task of life", money bags have been emptied and even a lot of debt, mostly lack of wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children but also to accumulate some wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on“do not move to do so. ” 
Many ” post-80“,”Post-90“and even”post-00“new generation of migrant workers do not want to engage in difficult conditions, high labor intensity secondary industry or low-end service industry, resulting in a structural ” labor shortage", these unattractive jobs, provide an opportunity for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills, physical function and ability to work has declined, many over-age migrant workers are doing high intensity, low income, high risk, less security work.
A day is a day, can earn a little more is a little, "not idle" behind the survival of overage migrant workers, can not be ignored and ignored.
In addition to their ” self-redemption", they are also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars have pointed out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their pension and medical problems, they must through other means to support their families.
Reading the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers ' inability to idle helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs,and finding ways to make them return to the countryside truly " old " requires the public sector, the market and society to share the responsibility in a healthy interaction, we need to work together.
Russia will not export such systems for the next five years, Mr. Chemezov said, because“it will first supply its own troops and then export production. ” 
This approach is fully consistent with international practice.
Major producers of arms and military equipment always ensure their defence needs first before they process export orders.
Earlier, the deputy commander of the Russian air and Space Forces, General Yuri grekhov, said that the development of the system is about to be completed.
S-500 system developed by the”diamond-Antai " Sky defense Kang Cai en.
This is a new generation of air defense systems, using the working principle used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, capable of intercepting missiles with a range of 3500 km or less.
In addition, according to some information, the S-500 can destroy hypersonic cruise missiles and aircraft,almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles more than five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems,particularly the S-400 system, which is very important from a national defence perspective.
Sergei Chemezov expressed special concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world,but the Russian army also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system was deployed to the Arctic air defense corps.
According to information on 15 September, the conversion of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the SHKP arctic air defense corps has been completed.
This is not the militarization of Russia in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said This was entirely a process within the planned transition to more advanced defensive tools in the strategic direction of the North.
“ With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly, " the Russian Northern Fleet News Service said. ”
Very importantly, according to the military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the far north and Arctic regions.
The air defense corps officers and soldiers were trained for the new system and prepared to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, it is still part of it.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have a weapon that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether it is a high-speed flight targets in the outer layer, or close to the protected facilities“catch the fish. ” 
According to open sources, the S-400”Triumph“system developed by the ” golden diamond-Aetna " Sky defense Kang Tsai en is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft,ballistic missiles,hypersonic targets and other aerial attack weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 km per second at a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defences in the far north to ensure the safety of its airspace by sea in the North.
Not so long ago, the first 12 sets of“Tor - M2DT”anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an anti-aircraft battalion to strengthen the anti-aircraft systems in the Arctic.
At that time, the Russian Defense Ministry said that the Arctic "Thor" troops will be expanded in the future to a full brigade formation.
Together with the newly deployed S-400 long - range system on the Shindi Island and Kola Peninsula and the“Pantsir-SA”short-range system deployed in the far north,these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar skies.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles will be difficult to break through this defense.
According to the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complex and long process of opening their own store.
As the operator of the Russian goods store, rosindo focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Russian products in Tmall (Tmall), Jingdong (JD), 1688, pin a lot (Pinduoduo), hand Q (ShouQ), multi-function instant messaging software WeChat (WeChat) and other China's largest trading platform has online stores, and has its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian commodity retail chains.
Russian Export Center will work with Russia to develop store marketing strategy and participation criteria, and screening virtual shelf products on the shelves of enterprises.
The store is scheduled to open before the end of this year and shelves products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
Russian Export Center data show that the total monthly visits to China's e-commerce platform as high as 1 billion times.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014,exceeding $ 1 billion in 2018.
Currently, Alibaba Group will also open a pilot store to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei kozevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles or more.
To be honest, my expectations are higher,and sales of 500 million rubles are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods, regard our goods as high-quality and green products .”
'The competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and growing,' Mr. korzhevnikov said.
“ Our goal is ambitious to launch 500 businesses through this store within three years, " he said. ”
At the same time, the platform will also be on the shelves of Russian Far East Enterprises products.
“ This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because Russian export centers are state-owned, not private, institutions, " said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of basic trade policy at the plykhanov economic University in Russia.”
“I do not see a lot of very competitive Russian goods on the market. ”
He believes that the project will probably not actually be implemented,but will help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that more than 170 Russian companies ' product information is already on Alibaba, the largest international wholesale online platform.published on <url>, both in China and in other countries can be purchased.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely the training program for Russian companies by experts from Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also act as an organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
Large-scale exhibitions will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also serve as a hub for commercial projects, signing ceremonies, presentations and meetings with representatives of Chinese companies.
About 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The press service of the Russian Export Center said: "in addition to the agricultural booth we will definitely hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs.”
“This is another direction of our efforts to support the company and ensure that dozens of dedicated meetings are arranged for it. ”
In addition, there will be master classes, culinary competitions and Russian cuisine tastings by Russian chefs in the project“discover Russian cuisine on the sea”.
The police waited for a full report and instructions from the attorney general's office to take the next step after the coroner's court ruled Friday that the cause of death was not accidental.
According to the coroner's court's ruling, the police will await further instructions from the attorney general's office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into Mohd's murder and that the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, Syracuse Chief Sheriff noaghan said the police would wait for a full report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded to the inquiry on Friday morning after attending the Syracuse Deputy Chief Sheriff's handover ceremony at the Syracuse police headquarters.
He said the police investigated the case on the basis of the reports.
He added that the police would also follow up on the progress of the investigation and decide whether to call again those who had been taken earlier for questioning.
Reporters learned from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of landscaping, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the establishment of new China, Beijing city recently to Changan Street and along the main axis, enhance the Landscaping Landscape, create a peaceful, festive atmosphere.
At present, 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Changan Street have all been completed debut, the city's 20 million pots of flowers to dress up the capital, dressed to meet the arrival of the National Day.
In recent days, Changan Street along the 12 gorgeous, modeling diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscape attracted many public visitors to watch, take pictures.
These flower beds are distinctive theme, from the northwest corner of Jianguomen“magnificent 70 years”start, to the northeast corner of fuxingmen "Beautiful Tomorrow" end, a blend of new China's 70 years of brilliant achievements in various fields, showing the people's happy life.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of landscaping, this year's green environment layout full use of its own innovation, integration of new varieties and new technologies at home and abroad.
The overall application of flower beds placed more than 230 varieties, including 16 independent cultivars, 18 new varieties of Green Resistance and 11 kinds of native plants.
China's self-breeding "cold dew Jinghui ""fancy autumn candy ""fancy autumn colorful" three Chrysanthemum varieties were first applied.
In order to celebrate the National Day, Beijing recently also on the city's Landscaping Landscape Environment for a comprehensive remediation, a total of 12,000 plants, planting trees, flowers and shrubs 230,000 plants, lawn root flowers 2.3 million square meters.
At the same time, in the city's ring road, Changan Street Extension line, Xiangshan Memorial, new airport and important tourist attractions around the surrounding important areas, also set up a theme flower bed 200, planted flowers amount of 20 million pots (strains), placed style flower pile sketch 10,000, 5000 combinations of containers, hanging flower box 15,000, so that the capital green landscape
China releases China and the United Nations report on climate change and sustainable development-<url>
On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released the "China and the United Nations — the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly Chinese position paper", "the United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's position and actions", " China's implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development Progress Report (2019)", " Earth big data
The "China and the United Nations — position paper of the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of China's cooperation with the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of new China, especially since the 18th Party Congress.
He pointed out that President Xi Jinping of China proposed to promote the construction of a community of human destiny, has become the banner of the diplomacy of the great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thinking, China has taken a more active and promising stance in international affairs,making greater contributions and assuming more responsibilities for world peace and development.
China has always been a builder of World Peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The paper introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of the United Nations: peace, development and human rights.
To reiterate China's firm support for and practice of multilateralism and support for the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; to point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world and promotes each other; and to emphasize that, in the face of the unprecedented change in the world in a century, a growing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
The "UN Climate Action Summit: China's position and actions" closely follows the Nine action areas of the UN Climate Action Summit, and introduces China's policy proposals for international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in addressing climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards climate change as an intrinsic requirement for its own sustainable development and a responsibility to build a community of human destiny. it will continue to overcome the many difficult and challenging challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the comprehensive and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
The "China's progress report on the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" is China's second progress report following the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in the implementation of the 2030 Agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements in implementing new development concepts and achieving high-quality development.
The examples included in the report include precision poverty alleviation, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and co-construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, which will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 Agenda.
The "Earth big data supporting sustainable Development Goals Report" shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth big data technology to support the implementation and policy decision-making of the 2030 Agenda, reveals the value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the Sustainable Development Goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill
The 20th anniversary event of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association-art exhibition of Lau Wah Chi and Leung Ziheng will be held on 29 September 2019 at 6: 00 pm in the gallery of Huai yuan building of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
Welcome to visit the guide.
Well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Leung Ziheng both graduated from the Department of integrated design of the Macao Polytechnic Institute,then co-founded the design company in 2013,after five years of efforts, the company achieved excellence, won more than 200 awards internationally, design business all over the world, business spanning more than 10 countries and 25 cities, successfully put the team design
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they presented their unique design works and shared their experience of entrepreneurship.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, the event will also exchange ideas on Macao's design development.
The exhibition is open from 29 September to 10 October 2019, from 9: 00 AM to 11: 00 pm.
For enquiries, please contact the MPI Alumni Association at 8599 3119.
Lao collective and individual won the National Medal and badge of Viet Nam
According to the decision on the award of the Medal of independence issued on 21 September by the president of Viet Nam, Nguyen Phu Trung, Viet Nam awarded the Medal of independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao parliament, the organs of the National Assembly, the National Assembly Secretariat, etc., in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relations between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
The president of Viet Nam, Nguyen Phu Trung, also issued a decision on the award of the order of friendship and the badge of friendship.
On the basis of the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to the four collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Secretariat in recognition of their positive contribution to the consolidation and strengthening of special solidarity relations between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
Speaking at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Yin stressed that the inextricable relationship between the two ethnic groups has evolved from a long history, and that the good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relationship between the peoples of Viet Nam and Laos has been hand-crafted by President Ho Chi Minh and president Kai Shan Phung Wai Han and carefully nurtured by the leaders and peoples of both parties, the two countries, has become invaluable in both countries.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that, in the face of the complex and volatile world situation, great friendships, special friendships and comprehensive cooperation continue to be consolidated and developed and are increasingly in-depth and pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Yin stressed that the award of the Viet Nam party and national medals and badges to the collective and former senior leaders of the Lao National Assembly was an acknowledgement of the great credit of the party, the state and the people of Viet Nam. she hoped that the comrades would continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation of the older generation.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Yin stressed that the party and state of Viet Nam will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao Party and state, inherit and bring into play the achievements of cooperation between the two countries, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
The collective and individual members of the Lao National Assembly, who have been awarded the Medal of independence, the Medal of friendship and the badge of friendship, have expressed their gratitude to the state of Viet Nam for awarding them the honorary award, affirming that it is not only their honour but also that of the Lao National Assembly.
The United States electronic cigarette has claimed 12 lives related to lung damage reached 805 cases.
According to the”Central News Agency " reported, local time on the 26th, United States health officials said, the United States has 12 people died of electronic cigarette-related diseases, and smoking electronic cigarette-related lung damage cases are 805.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention of the United States reported these figures and said that the specific substances that led to the disease had not been identified.
However, most patients reported having used THC-containing e-cigarette products, the main mental state-affecting compound in cannabis.
It is reported that the proliferation of lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated electronic aerosols on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) indicated that the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida,while 805 confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
Over the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales,New York and Michigan are banned flavored e-cigarette.
The report said that the Trump administration intends to ban e-cigarette products of all flavors other than tobacco flavor from October.
When's the next bus coming?
"Internet + smart stop sign" let you know.
On 27th, Nanjing intelligent transportation joint high Germany map announced: the first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Stop sign" officially landed in Nanjing, Nanjing will have 54 bus electronic screen is lit, this will fully upgrade the level of information services in Nanjing, improve the efficiency of public transport services and people travel happiness.
In the past, anxiety scenes of waiting for a bus were staged almost every day at the bus station.
Bus running time is difficult to predict, along the bus road conditions and vehicle location is difficult to learn, bus travel pain point problem to be solved, especially in some large cities, long commute, morning and evening commute rush hour traffic situation is complex, resulting in bus punctuality rate has been difficult to protect.
To this end, Nanjing intelligent transportation hand in hand with Gao de map in-depth exploration of”internet+traffic " convenience service new direction, launched the first batch of“Internet+Intelligent Stop sign”this intelligent service project.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Stop sign" in Nanjing landing, the integration of high de Big Data and high de vehicle is expected to travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on the bus electronic stop sign and mobile internet, traffic Big Data upgrade, to achieve "bus intelligent stop sign + electronic map" double release bus routes, bus is expected to
Through the ” Internet+Intelligent Stop sign", Nanjing citizens can not only easily get the expected arrival time of the bus, to understand the real-time location of the bus and a few stops from the current site, but also through the red, orange and green three colors intuitively grasp the bus along the road, so that all the way to the site of
Thanks to the”Internet+Intelligent Stop sign "this technology warm heart on-line, Nanjing citizens to achieve a convenient and efficient way of bus travel”check bus location before going out, grasp the arrival time when the bus, take the bus to understand the time to reach the destination" and so on.
According to the”Internet+Intelligent Stop sign " Real-Time bus information, choose the most suitable for their own travel routes,but also to do a good psychological expectations, reduce the anxiety of waiting for the car,so that travel becomes more convenient and calm.
More than 30 pieces of Summer Palace cultural relics are on display for the first time-Xinhua
Reporters learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, the exhibition of a total of 99 sets of cultural relics boutique, of which more than 30 pieces of cultural relics is the summer palace for the first time on display to the public, showing the summer palace rich collection of cultural relics and traditional longevity cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Ji Jin, Fu Shu Shou Zhi, Qi Gong Yi, Fu Cai zenghua, Jade bronze, ancient books and Paintings, Miscellaneous, porcelain and enamel.
Deputy director of the Department of cultural relics of the summer palace management Kui Lijia, the number of high-level cultural relics of the cultural relics exhibition, cultural relics category, exhibits span.
Nearly 30% of the participating cultural relics are national first-class cultural relics and second-class cultural relics, cultural relics span from the Shang dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
Exhibited in the Shang Dynasty zhenggui dating back more than 3000 years,for this exhibition "the oldest" piece of bronze cultural relics; Jade lying cattle huge volume, weight nearly 80 pounds, is carved from a whole piece of Jade, preserved in good condition, very rare; stone figures Pavilion wooden clock, "nanzhai collection of paintings ""nanzhai collection of calligraphy" is also the first for the public
Beijing Summer Palace Management Office deputy director Qin Lei said, the cultural exhibition adhering to the cultural relics "live up" spirit, relying on the summer palace“Fushan Shou Hai”garden ideas, to the park collection”longevity " theme cultural relics as a carrier, so that visitors through the exhibition to understand the summer palace profound longevity culture, carry forward and inherit Chinese traditional culture,
It is reported that the exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua: unswervingly go our own way
In the past 70 years, China's development has been successful, the fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the right path of development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have persevered along this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people that China should follow its own path of development.
In modern times, in the environment of poverty and weakness, internal and external troubles, generations of people of benevolence and lofty ideals seek to save the country and save the people.
However “ " the constitutional monarchy,the restoration of the monarchy,the parliamentary system, the multi-party system,the presidential system have been thought of and tried, and the results are not working." ”
It was not until the Communist Party of China and the new China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
It is a road of happiness for the Chinese people, a road of rejuvenation for the Chinese nation, and a Datong road for common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is precisely because it is on the right path that China can do its business well, become the world's second-largest economy, contribute the most to global economic growth, and benefit the world continuously with its own development.
As pointed out in the White Paper, China's development path, in line with China's national conditions, adapt to the requirements of the Times, will move forward with the times more and more bright prospects for development.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how hard it is to find the right path. looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish it even more.
Chinese people know the truth of the north Orange Orange, understand that for others is not necessarily for themselves, only for their own is the best.
It is with this confidence and strategic determination that China has created a remarkable miracle.
In the twists and turns of human progress, the "end of history theory" was famous for a while.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics declares the end of the "end of history", the collapse of the "collapse of China", the failure of the "socialist failure".
China & apos; s success has boosted the confidence of developing countries in achieving national prosperity and strengthening the people & apos; s livelihood. it has broadened the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and has provided experience and reference for those countries and ethnic groups in the world that wish not only to accelerate their development but also to maintain their independence to follow a path that is in line with their own national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a path of development suited to their national conditions.
Instead of“importing”the foreign model or“exporting”the Chinese model, China will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen exchanges with other countries in governing the country and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that the owner of a Foodworks supermarket fired a 66-year-old female worker via text message because he preferred to hire employees from an Asian-American background, and the owner's approach was slammed as“shameful. ” 
The commission said Jianbin Wang, the owner of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has worked at Wagga Wagga stores for more than 20 years, treats employees in a “grossly unfair ” manner and may violate anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, vice chairman of the commission, conducted a search on the internet and found“some job advertisements that Mr. Wang has posted in the past at various Australian Chinese employment forums".
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady ” and the other said“preferred Asian employee".
The third post said he was " more inclined to people overseas(sic)”.
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton via SMS in April this year, later claiming it was due to her absence from work and the alleged cash register showing a small cash loss from$ 5.10 to$ 30.
However, Mr. Sams said that the reasons for Mr. Wang & apos; s dismissal of Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
She has been absent for only one shift in three years, and the”missing amount " totals a few Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton's dismissal was“not actually related to her behavior or performance”.
“ In my opinion, supported by evidence from the job advertisement Mr. Wang posted, the real motivation for the respondent to fire her is that he prefers to hire employees with Asian backgrounds, " he said.
According to Section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's conduct ostensibly constitutes a violation of the Anti-Discrimination Act and/or the dismissal of the applicant is unlawful. ”
Mr. Sams said that it was inappropriate for Mr. Wang to consider reinstating Ms. Ayton in view of the“appalling”treatment she had received.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton,a temporary worker with an hourly salary of $ 26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams stated that he would submit his decisions and documents to the head of the commission to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other bodies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He states that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
“ I think the respondent has taken an incurable unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant, and Mr. Wang“waits”for this opportunity, which he believes will‘justify’the termination of the applicant's employment, " he said. ”
"He was wrong the respondent totally ignored any natural justice given to her when he dismissed the applicant, and, shockingly, his rudeness and grossly unfair perfunctory behaviour . ”
While Foodworks is a small business, Mr. Sams said, “ it must be frank that no decent employer will fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner acknowledged in this case. ”
He said: "This is a disgrace and a great injustice." ”
Guangzhou Railway against the National Day Golden Week traffic increasing passenger train 175-中新网
Beijing, Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) reporter 27 was informed from the Guangzhou Railway Group, in order to meet the National Day Golden Week passenger travel needs, Guangzhou Railway Group will continue to open the popular direction of the train, during the holiday period, the total number of passenger trains increased to 175, an overall increase in the National Day Golden Week
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of initiatives to do the work of passenger service during the peak of the hospitality flow.
Guangzhou South Railway Station on the three-story Security channel optimization transformation, new 12 security channel, after the new transformation, three waiting room a total of 44 Security channel, in addition, for the smooth flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Railway Station 19 new self-service real-name system verification equipment, a total of 71.
In order to ease the retention and congestion of vehicles on the North and South Road, Guangzhou South Railway Station will open three new parking lots, adding 1000 parking spaces to ease the pressure of poor traffic around the south railway station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
On October 6th-7th, traffic will reach the peak hours, Shenzhen North Station A2 exit will be connected with the subway, set up inspection-free channel, for the peak hours to provide convenient travel.
In addition, the East-West Plaza will normally set up U Color Love Express channel, for passengers arriving at the station 15 minutes before the drive and special priority passengers.
Guangzhou-Kowloon passenger section on the eve of the National Day Golden Week to carry out full business training, to ensure that the crew to play the work of full learning to master business knowledge, improve service quality, to ensure that the train crew with a good spirit, more professional standards of business quality, play a good ride every time, to provide better
Six people denied involvement in the sale of counterfeit maca paper to the High Court
Six men, including an assistant director of the state registry and a Dato businessman, suspected of forgery and sale of our passports, paper and identity cards, passed the case on Thursday, when a court judge approved charges of anti-human trafficking and anti-migrant trafficking for referral to the Supreme Court.
The defense lawyer who originally represented Dato-Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, also member of Parliament of Sunset Dong district, applied to the judge to withdraw from representing the case, that is, to cease to represent the defendant, and was approved in court.
He said he had drawn criticism from political opponents for representing the accused and that his party of action had been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to stigmatize the Action Party and the Greek union government or other Greek union leaders, and that this decision was taken after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Parliament, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants, and that the defendant, Lai Zhenhua, has not yet been convicted.
On 12 September this year, the six defendants were brought before the courts, facing a number of charges under Section 26E of the anti-trafficking in Persons and anti-trafficking in Migrants Act and Section 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), all of which denied their guilt and were not granted bail pending trial.
On Thursday, two court judges, nosaha and Mazlan, granted the prosecution's motion to refer the six defendants to the Supreme Court on charges of anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking in migrants orders, following statements by both parties, and the alleged forgery of documents to the court on October 3, pending the transfer of documents by the prosecution to the defence.
Earlier, six defendants were arrested under the national security offences (Special Measures) Order 2012 (SOSMA) and the judge denied bail.
With the motherland-a party team of the armed police force sketch
In autumn, the parade training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters of officers and soldiers of the armed police force of a party team, training is busy.
The glittering Spears, unique olive green and bright red epaulets form a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into the party team, feel armed police officers and soldiers will always be loyal guards of the party and the people's determination and their "honor first" feelings and pursuit.
"Dreams shine brilliant life, writing a new era of immortal legend ”" This is the collective creation of the party team of officers and soldiers team song - "walking with the motherland".
In the party team, this song is the motto of every player.
The height of 1.92 meters Qi Xiaoguang, standing in the party team is particularly conspicuous.
As the original armed police Flag Guard flag bearer, he has a deeper understanding of Honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training .
Qi Xiaoguang, as the flag bearer, has been training high standards and strict requirements.
He strapped his sandbags, stuck his stopwatch, blindfolded his stride, and stabilized against the wind.
In his“banner career”, there is a picture that is always memorable.
A flag-raising ceremony, the rain poured down, and the visitors to watch the flag-raising ceremony but no one left.
The moment the national flag rises, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the shoulder of the five-star red flag represents the glory.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the benchmark soldier.
Standard soldiers and flag bearer movement standards are different .
Qi Xiaoguang introduced, the standard bearer and the benchmark Soldier line pace although only more than 20 steps of the difference, the training has to pay more efforts.
The reference soldier is the first row of the first place, directly determines the neat degree of the party team.
After the parade began to focus on training, he kicked repeatedly every day, practicing some kick hard.
In the demonstration, his precise pace, pace won the officers and soldiers burst of applause.
In the party team, almost every officer and soldier have the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The soldier Zhu Xu Dongfang's father participated in the 50th anniversary parade 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps to become a member of the party team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but never discouraged.
He said: "it is an honor of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and be reviewed by the party and the people. ”
Into the party team honor room,”capital stability Elite Division " 8 characters greeted.
Party team Political Commissar Wang Qian, party team members all from the Beijing armed police corps-this is a force with a glorious tradition, has been responsible for the founding ceremony,the National Day celebration, the party's National Congress Security and the capital anti-terrorism and stability and other major tasks, cultivate the "National Flag Guard ""hero Squadron" and a large number of
Han Zheng attended and delivered a speech at the reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China
The reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the people on the evening of 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Politburo of the CPC Central Committee and vice premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
First of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of new China, especially in the more than 40 years of reform and opening-up, the Communist Party of China has united to lead the people of all ethnic groups through obstacles and strive for strength, successfully stepping out of a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, ushering in a great leap from getting up, getting rich to getting strong.
Since the 18th Party Congress, the party Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, has coordinated and promoted the overall layout of the“five in one”, coordinated and promoted the strategic layout of the“four comprehensive”, promoted historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the party and the state, and entered a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
The 70-year development achievements of new China are the result of the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization drive, making indelible contributions that the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the victory in building a well-off society in an all-round way, to seize the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to the "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, innovation is the first power", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy to promote high-quality economic development.
China will accelerate the cultivation of a large number of strategic science and technology talents with international level, leading science and technology talents, young science and technology talents and high-level innovation team.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to the world to learn, is a cause of cooperation with the world.
China will be more open and inclusive, humbly learn from the people of the world,and firmly implement a more active, more open and more effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China for innovation and entrepreneurship,and welcome outstanding talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, so as to make greater contributions to building a community of human destiny and contributing to the cause of world peace and development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie, Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was chaired by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and technology.
The reception was attended by a total of about 1,800 senior foreign experts working in China, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, relevant departments of the central and state organs, and comrades in charge of Beijing.
The main Well of the deepest shaft of China's railway is dug in the end.
Xinhua news agency, Kunming, September 27 (reporter Ding yiquan) according to the railway tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., China's first long railway tunnel — — large (Li) Rui (Li) railway high Li Gongshan tunnel shaft main well on the 27th successful excavation in the end, well depth of 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of the domestic railway shaft.
In the tunnel construction, the shaft can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improve the efficiency of the ballast, to ensure the safety of construction.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the project Department of China Railway Tunnel bureau, said: "after the successful excavation of the main shaft of Gaoligongshan Tunnel No. 1 in the end, it will help to promote the construction of the well bottom yard construction, open multiple faces for the late construction of the hole, flat guide, accelerate the construction progress of the whole Gaoligongshan tunnel . ”
Song Tao introduction, Gaoligongshan Tunnel No. 1 shaft construction using drilling method, equipped with a drilling derrick, drilling steady car, drilling winch, overall mobile metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill, center Rotary rock grasping machine and other large specialized machinery, forming a mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system,”four " mechanized pipeline, to achieve the drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation,
It is understood that the railway from Dali in the east, to Ruili in the West, a total length of about 331 km, the design speed of 140 km, is an important part of the Myanmar International Railway channel.
Gao Li Gongshan tunnel length of 34.538 km, is the first long tunnel railway in China.
The TV series "fox hunting" scene reproduction first-line investigation and police style
Wang Kai, Wang OU and other actors filmed the scene to escort Fugitive Economic suspects to return home and other important scenes, the shooting process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The fox hunt crew filmed the key scenes at the airport that best showed the results of Operation Fox Hunt-Fox Hunt team members chase fugitives back home, take off the plane,sign arrest warrants, and so on.
The crew filmed the helipad, customs border control, aircraft cabin, Hatch and other sets of shots, recreating the Chinese front-line Economic investigation officers and fox-hunting heroes of multi-country flight, arresting fugitive criminals hard journey and occupation style.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, "fox hunting" creative team carried out a lot of pre-preparation work, repeatedly confirmed every detail of the implementation, to ensure that the most realistic visual effect.
It is reported that the play will be filmed in foreign countries.
Vietnam must seize the opportunity to develop artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the city's readiness to face the AI wave include prospects,ability to achieve, asset base and direction of development.
Singapore ranked first, followed by the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia and other countries of the city.
“ I think it makes a lot of sense to review and evaluate cities like Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, " said Oliver Wyman organization expert Timothy pewane in an interview with reporters.
Overall, I think the future of Vietnam is very bright against the background of high growth, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
It was important for Viet Nam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote greater economic development. ”
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings about greater efficiency, but it also poses a threat to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman,only any city in the world today is ready for a breakthrough in the age of artificial intelligence.
Mr. Guterres said he was pleased to be here to celebrate China's 70th anniversary and congratulated the Chinese government and people for their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
“ Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the pace of change and progress, " Guterres said.
You have created one of the world's most dynamic economies and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty — the greatest poverty — reduction achievement in history. ”
He said that China had witnessed transformative results in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals: infant and maternal mortality had fallen, nutrition had improved, the number of stunted people had decreased, and the number of people without access to Safe Drinking Water and Sanitation had halved.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
The photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China opened today at United Nations headquarters in New York.
This year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China, Mr. Guterres said.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key player in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has contributed troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 blue helmets serving in South Sudan.
“ As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis, " Guterres said.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation in building a better world for all. ”
Wang Yi, China's State Councillor and foreign minister, said the Chinese people have worked hard for 70 years to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have been with the world.
China's achievements are not only achievements of China, but also achievements of the world and mankind.
The exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people,their achievements and contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photos / Zhang Li
State Councillor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on sustainable development in the United Nations.
There is a story of ethnic unity,and China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of the Tianshan Mountains, or in Tibet, on the snowy plateau.
Rapid economic development,social peace and stability,people live and work in peace .
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the“Belt and Road”Initiative, the story of the birth of a community of Destiny.
As President Xi Jinping of China put it, green water and green mountains are gold mountains and silver mountains.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in resolving hot-spot issues and becomes the backbone of World Peace.
In the face of an unprecedented change in the world over the past century, China has actively maintained an international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is young, high-spirited, prime, no matter how the international situation changes, we will adhere to their original heart.
Wang Yi meets with Minister for foreign affairs of Malawi kasela
On the 26th local time, state councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi's Foreign Minister Katherine during his visit to the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, the relations between the two countries have developed in a healthy and stable manner, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have progressed steadily.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to attend the Beijing summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the heads of state of the two countries and the outcomes of the Beijing summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation so as to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs so as to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Mr. kassela said China was a true friend of Malawi and African countries and that its development had benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million national day trips reflect China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming”eleven " Golden Week!
A number of travel platforms big data show that China's tourism consumption market supply and demand boom.
Ctrip National Day Tourism report predicts, referring to the National Day tourism statistics in previous years, is expected this year National Day holiday domestic tourism will be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourism.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities through the platform to book with group tours, free travel, custom travel, local play and other products, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the China Tourism Research Institute estimates, last year the National Day holiday received 726 million domestic tourists, an increase of 9.43%.
This year's National Day holiday not only the number of tourists will be a new high, consumption upgrade will also become the National Day holiday travel "theme" ” 
Ctrip reported that the National Day holiday domestic Inter-Provincial Tourism per capita spend more than 3000 yuan, compared with the same period last year, which is due to the tourists generally choose to experience better products,such as high-rated brand hotels, no shopping tours, exquisite small group, Car Guide and so on.
Donkey mother Travel Network booking data show a similar trend, the domestic long-term use of comfortable models, ten people below the "private group" is more popular than in previous years.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that consumers prefer heavy experience, heavy service, heavy differentiation of ” slow".
Flying Pig data shows that China's four-tier cities and below the fastest growth in tourist bookings, year-on-year growth of 30%, reflecting the domestic consumption upgrade more areas.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's”eleven " golden week tour.
Ctrip data show that the National Day holiday rental car tour orders are expected to grow by nearly 60% year-on-year, to explore the surrounding niche line short-distance self-driving tour continues to be touted; the number of private groups registered an increase of up to 155% year-on-year.
Sharing Joy has become the main purpose of people's tourism and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of the National Day holiday tourists are Parent-Child groups, 25% are couples travel, 23% are colleagues and friends travel.
Another from the age of tourists, " 80 "and”90" accounted for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, with the past Golden Week outbound travel growth more rapidly is different, this year's domestic tourism market performance is more " eye-catching”.
Flying Pig data show that this year's National Day holiday booking the number of domestic cultural travel routes increased by 42% year-on-year, the growth rate of more than outbound travel.
Industry analysis,in the strong demand at the same time, the country to promote tourism supply-side reform, to provide tourists with more rich "cultural tourism feast".
For example, the state General Administration of sports, the Ministry of culture and Tourism recently jointly released "2019 Golden Week sports tourism Boutique line"; being held in 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival launched 7 plate 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate; near the Golden Week, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces to introduce scenic ticket prices or
Ctrip booking data show that the country has a unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics of the most“fire " destination, Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination city.
China's first live — streaming movie "now — celebrating the 70th birthday of new China" will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
The central radio and television station will broadcast live broadcasts of the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China, military parades and mass marches on the big screen via 4K ultra-high-definition signals.
The head of the central radio and television station in Beijing on the 27th, National Day, the total station will build more than 100 seats, and in the Chang'an Street and celebrations regional commanding heights laid more than 200 pickup equipment, the use of lens language and sound, for the first time to achieve the whole process, all the elements of 4K
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said China faces a severe pork shortage after the outbreak of the African swine fever and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins, causing the authorities to destroy many herds,halving the number of hogs in China and nearly doubling the price of pork over the past year.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at Rabobank China, said demand for other meat, including beef, had increased, with China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently importing 27 per cent of the world's pork and 24 per cent of the world's beef imports.
In the first half of this year, Chinese beef imports from Australia increased by 65 per cent, with China surpassing the United States and Japan as Australia's largest beef export market, Ms. Pan said.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party.
White paper: China has always put its own development in the coordinate system of human development
According to the White Paper, China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its destiny to the destiny of the peoples of the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development through its own development.
As the world's largest developing country, China has unswervingly followed its own path, concentrated its efforts on doing its own business, made its country richer and stronger and its people happier, and injected stability and certainty into a complex and changeable world, which in itself is its greatest contribution to world peace and development.
This is the default Welcome page for this site.
China has always taken economic construction as the center of the country's revitalization as the key, unswerving to take the road of high-quality development, implementing the new development concept of Innovation, Coordination, Green, Openness and sharing, accelerating the construction of a modern economic system to better meet the growing needs of the people for a better life.
Let the common people live a good life, has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of World Peace.
The White Paper states that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people want a good life not only for themselves, but also for people from other countries. ”
China adheres to development innovation,growth linkage and integration of interests,and promotes high-quality development of the Belt and Road initiative to promote global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says China is committed to maintaining and promoting economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative and strengthen guidance so as to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified pattern of opening-up to the outside world, achieve wider mutual benefit and win-win results, and maintain and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China resolutely opposes unilateralism and protectionism.the door to opening up to the outside world will be wider and wider, accelerating regional economic integration and continuing to push forward the internationalization of the renminbi.
The White Paper states that China firmly supports multilateralism and maintains international fairness and Justice.
China will, as always, firmly maintain the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly maintain the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and join other countries in upholding multilateralism and opposing unilateralism.
Upholding fairness and justice is the basic principle of China's handling of international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the peoples of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on anyone, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says China is actively involved in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to a balance of rights and obligations. it has not only seen the demands of China's development on the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and has actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, and urges the United Nations to better meet the new requirements of global governance in terms of its ideology, institutional setting and mode of operation, to better fulfill its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and to play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes innovation and development of global governance concepts,summarizes successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, and actively explores the resonance points of positive practices and governance concepts in Chinese culture with current times, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese solutions and Chinese strength to improve global governance.
Wang Yi: China has never been absent from helping Africa to achieve peace and security.
On September 26, local time, state councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council“peace and security in Africa”Open meeting at the United Nations headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
China has never been absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting the waters of the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years and has completed a total of more than 1,200 batches of 6700 vessels.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
President Xi Jinping announced in September 2015 the establishment of the ” China－United Nations peace and Development Fund", focusing on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development, has so far carried out 34 African-related projects, becoming a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk side by side.
The world's oldest barber died at the age of 108 and cut his hair for 96 years.
United States New York has a Kim's world record certification of the world's oldest barber Mancinelli (Anthony Mancinelli), 108 years old he never retired diligently every day for guests to cut hair, but 19 Mancinelli due to jaw cancer complications and died, farewell to his 96-year-old haircut life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli emigrated to the United States at the age of 8,and soon helped clean the floor at a barber shop.
Mancinelli did attend primary school at the time, but did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son Robert (Robert) revealed that his father love to work, and people from all over the world also like him, but although his father has always been healthy, in February this year was diagnosed with cancer, six weeks before his death finally due to physical factors can not work, but this is not retirement, because he plans to wait for
Robert, 82, said he now had to find a new barber after his father died, because he had been asked to cut his hair all his life.
During the year, the scale of repurchase of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan, a record high-Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's share price, maintain the company's image, listed companies in the past two years began to repurchase shares frequently, through directional repurchase, collection bidding transactions, etc., hope the company's value is undervalued this information to the market, so as to stabilize the share price, enhance investor confidence.
Oriental wealth Choice data show that in 2017, listed companies for repurchase shares of funds for 7.9 billion yuan, soared to 51 billion yuan in 2018, since 2019, a-share listed companies repurchase implementation of the total amount of more than 100 billion yuan, a record a share has always been a new high in the amount of repurchase funds, and far
From the purpose of the repurchase, the company repurchase shares and the majority shareholder holdings seem the same, but in the implementation of the main body, the source of funds, repurchase purposes, equity and other aspects of the stock itself is very different.
Shanghai Maike Rong information Consulting Co., Ltd. Chairman Xu Yang in an interview with the Securities Daily Reporter said that in November 2018, The "opinions on supporting the repurchase of shares of listed companies", for the narrow scope of repurchase of shares, the decision-making process is complex, the inventory system is not perfect and other problems of the existing system has been repaired,
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "implementation rules for the repurchase of shares of listed companies", the introduction of these policies, broaden the source of funds for repurchase of listed companies, appropriate simplified implementation procedures, guide improve governance arrangements, encourage all kinds of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee ownership plans.
After the introduction of the comments, the listed companies to share repurchase operation, with more applicable circumstances, repurchase process is more convenient, share repurchase enthusiasm is greater.
Repurchase shares in a relatively low position, but also help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increase the return on net assets, reduce the pressure on the company's earnings indicators.
Compared with the majority shareholders, the significance of repurchase shares of listed companies is greater, but also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage the market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the stock price is undervalued is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies,the company's stock price has been unable to reflect the company's future development prospects, so this kind of company is worth investors attention, but can not blindly to invest, need to pay attention to the earnings of such listed companies and the specific
There are large-scale repurchase behavior of listed companies, at least shows the company's development confidence and financial strength.
A-share listed companies repurchase enthusiasm gradually warming, but also to repurchase behavior normalized, data show that there are nearly a thousand listed companies in the implementation of share repurchase this year, and the industry's leading companies to become the main market repurchase.
Ping An of China recently disclosed repurchase progress, the company through centralized bidding transaction has accumulated repurchase A shares 57.59 million shares, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total share capital, the total amount of funds paid a total of 5 billion yuan(excluding transaction costs), repurchase shares will be used in all employee ownership plans, including but not limited to
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchase, and in the near future to repurchase the use of shares to adjust, from the original plan“repurchase shares will be all used as a later implementation of equity incentive stock source”to " cumulative repurchase 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares for the implementation of equity incentive stock source, the remaining
Yili shares said that part of the shares have been repurchased to be written off, is conducive to further enhance the level of earnings per share, effectively improve the return on investment of shareholders of the company.
TCL Group released on September 25 repurchase progress announcement shows that TCL Group repurchase 3.59% of the total shares of the company, a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
TCL Group's Board of directors office told the Securities Daily Reporter that the repurchase of shares will be used for Employee Stock Ownership Plans, equity incentives or for converting corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted to shares.
TCL Group adhere to the established business strategy, and constantly improve competitiveness, sustainable and healthy development.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the interests of investors to maintain, combined with the performance of the company's shares in the secondary market in the past year, and taking into account the company's operating conditions and financial situation and other factors, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing
Qianhai open source Fund Chief Economist Yang Delong said that the operation of listed companies to repurchase shares, on the one hand can reduce the number of shares circulating in the market, increase the earnings per share of listed companies, the secondary market share price is an important positive; in addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to shell out Real Money,
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially the outstanding stocks, through the share repurchase to boost investor confidence is a very good way, but also worthy of affirmation and encouragement.
Hunan Provincial Standing Committee, Changsha Municipal Party Committee secretary Hu Henghua and construction machinery manufacturing Xiang army four heads - - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, he Tsinghua, Liu Feixiang, around the "Changsha from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing "set a" small goal " - three to five years later to build the world's leading level of Construction Machinery Industry Cluster.
In Changsha to build the world's leading level of construction machinery industry cluster, with the now fashionable words, is to create " the strongest surface”.
As the capital city of the Inland, Changsha shouted this rhetoric, emboldened?
With the strength of domineering side leakage.
The dialogue of the four construction machinery enterprises in Hunan, all skilled, covering the whole field of heaven, underground, sea, land: shanhe intelligent light aircraft, Zoomlion concrete pump, SANY all-ground crane, iron construction heavy tunnel shield machine, its "hard power"can be described as the world, stand out from the crowd.
Once Upon a time, China has no say in the field of construction machinery manufacturing.
Time shift World easy, Chinese enterprises "introduced ""going out" two-wheel drive, take the”Belt and Road " initiative of Dongfeng, acquisitions, mergers, factories and other measures simultaneously, has become a leader in the Global Construction Machinery Industry.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industry, Zoomlion, railway construction heavy industry, shanhe intelligent engineering machinery leading enterprises, its output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, has been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
It's the time to take control.
Construction machinery Hunan army "four King Kong", is the leader of Changsha Construction Machinery Industry Cluster, is also the head of the global construction machinery industry enterprises.
In the arena of global industry, who survived, and live well, is the hard Gas where to speak.
Earlier years, the global construction machinery industry suffered winter, many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturing enterprises have fallen down, but Changsha construction machinery manufacturing enterprises to "cat winter" when "winter swimming", self-pressure, self-breakthrough, through the transformation of industrial structure, from manufacturing to intellectual transformation, not only quite the past,but also more robust.
With the stars of the government and enterprises with awesome.
The development of Superior Industries requires both positive enterprise and positive government action.
Changsha has the reputation of "construction machinery capital", lies in bringing together the whole industry chain from upstream to downstream, to create a number of related industrial clusters, and by optimizing the business environment, improve supporting services, simplify the approval process and other measures put Tube service, enterprise R & D, manufacturing, sales costs are greatly reduced.
Good business ecology, so that construction machinery manufacturing enterprises pour in.
History has pushed Changsha to create a leading level of global construction machinery for the front desk, time is not waiting, we do not give up.
Whether it is the government, or enterprises, and even associated with the industry, university, research and other aspects, should seize the opportunity, homeopathy, target, continue to force, for the construction of manufacturing power contribution to Hunan power.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
China stands firmly with its African brothers in the past, present and future.
We advocate the holding of such a meeting of foreign ministers as a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation in September last year, to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council, and to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should unite their forces, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-reliance and rule the root by development.
The ministers of foreign affairs of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene this meeting and congratulated new China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect and that Africa and China have always been the most reliable and dependable partners.
Africa appreciates the important and active role played by China as a permanent member of the Security Council in African Affairs, which has effectively promoted a just and reasonable solution to African problems and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
Africa is currently facing the threat of terrorism and extremism,and only by addressing its security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, safeguard the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and oppose unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the UN and the Security Council, and safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries; we all support African countries in resolving African problems in an African way and ask the UN to provide financial support for African-owned peace operations; we all support the concept of“cooperation for development, development for peace”and help African countries to achieve independent sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and denying them the right to realize development.
Gansu Qingyang: Lake sheep piggyback "poverty by".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
Yimin breeding cooperatives in the town of horse, 58-year-old villagers Xia Weili to sheep in the trough filled with the last shovel forage,keep in the groove side, see the White Lake sheep mouth chew.
"Good food, such as autumn and winter overgrown fat, slaughter to sell a good price." ”
Mr. xavili said he fed“special nutritious meals " to the sheep every day, cleaned and sterilized regularly, and dared not neglect to wait.
After more than 20 years of sheep farming, he didn't know how extensive shearing was until he came to work in the co-op.
Xia Weili is Qingcheng County, Qingyang city, Gansu province Yima town Xia waterlogged pool village.
His neighbors are sheep farmers,but adhere to the traditional way of free-range, poor quality sheep, small slaughter.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xavierly was all day studying farming, for he was always holding back an energy in his heart.
They all trust the sheep to the co-op,and they are counting on him at the end of the year if they can distribute dividends and sell them for a price.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technical personnel, he slowly learned to engage in epidemic prevention, master the scientific feeding, became one of the few farming village“good style".
Yimin farming professional cooperative is a standardized Cooperative, a total of 16 sheep shed, breeding nearly 1400 Lake sheep.
Cooperative Chief Zou Tao said, standardized sheep shed inside and outside, are very doorway.
"Wool thick, easy to breed bacteria, the lake sheep in the hot and humid place to be not, sheep shed must be built on three sides of the ring groove place, but also put on the fan for ventilation and cooling." ”
Zou Tao said, in order to prevent the epidemic, the need to regularly give sheep shed spray disinfection, to the sheep in a quarter marked three to four vaccination needles.
"Little sheep" in addition to live well, but also eat with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa and other mixed forage, and there is enough wide "playground" stretch.
Cooperatives take the custody of the method of raising on behalf of local farmers to guide the breeding Lake sheep put here, unified breeding, management, sales, to achieve good breeding, scientific, standardized, intensive farming.
Today, the sheep shares 140 poor households, annual dividends per household more than 6000 yuan, there are 4 file Li card poverty alleviation objects in cooperatives.
From”full Mountain grazing“to ” precise feeding“, from”local mating“to ” artificial insemination“, from”look at the body, touch the belly“to ” one by one do B ultrasound "... ...in Qingyang, Gansu, sheep farming is not only the change of feeding mode, "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" mode is changed once "sheep on the hillside, the market to sell sheep" scene, to overcome the weak traditional
Zou Tao said, if the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry Development Co., Ltd., will be 27 yuan per kilogram of market protection price to support the bottom of the acquisition, to help farmers diversify market risk.
Gansu Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry Development Co., Ltd. general consultant Xu Jianfeng said, enterprises through the provision of loan guarantees for poor households, sheep supply, order farming, offer acquisition, unified processing and sales services, driven more and more poor households read ” sheep".
In Qingyang, at least 8200 impoverished families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry forage farming,thoroughbreeding, scale farming,slaughtering and segmentation, and marketing.
Qingyang city is located in the northern agricultural and animal husbandry staggered belt, rich in forage resources.
At present, the city has 913 sheep-scale farms, cooperatives, sheep feeding capacity of more than 5 million, also built two 1.3 million sheep slaughter scale processing production lines, sheep is becoming the real estate industry Poverty Alleviation "leader".
French finance minister said next year will cut taxes of more than 10 billion euros and called on Germany to follow up
Paris, Reuters-France's Finance Minister, Bruno Le Maire, said Thursday that France would cut taxes by more than € 10bn ($10.9 bn)next year, and that Germany should keep up with France's fiscal stimulus to revive a sluggish economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Meier said the ECB's latest monetary easing has created an opportunity for governments that can afford to invest more.
The ECB cut interest rates to record lows on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs, hoping to spur economic recovery and boost inflation.
"Low interest rates will not return Europe to prosperity, monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough," Le Meier told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest now, the sooner the better “Don't wait until things get worse, ” he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on several occasions.
France has already implemented tax cuts of more than € 10 billion this year, giving France a big boost to economic growth.
The global economy loses momentum, and the German economy, which relies on exports, bears the brunt.
Le Meier said that next year the tax burden on French households will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate to be reduced from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by almost 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently made important instructions on the protection of Memorial facilities for martyrs stressed that we should strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the Martyrs ' Cemetery.
In order to deeply implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping important instructions, focus on promoting the protection and management of Memorial facilities for martyrs, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council, the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the general work plan for the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of Memorial facilities for martyrs.
The programme of work is a programme document for the protection and management of martyrs 'memorial facilities, which clearly defines the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, proposes to plan and build good Martyrs 'Memorial facilities,improve the Red education base system to carry forward the heroic spirit;repair and protect Martyrs' Memorial facilities,and create a strong social atmosphere
The work programme clearly states that it is necessary to strengthen the maintenance and protection of Memorial facilities for martyrs, and, in accordance with the principle of overall arrangement and long-term view, to effectively strengthen the maintenance and protection of Memorial facilities for martyrs, to improve the leadership system and mechanism, to improve the policies and regulations; to organize and implement quality improvement projects, improve facilities and equipment, and strengthen service capacity; to optimize the content of exhibitions, to innovate the way exhibitions, and to enhance the overall effectiveness.
The work program emphasizes, to improve system system and organization guarantee, strengthen Organization leadership, established retired military affairs department lead, and related units active cooperation, and community wide participation of work mechanism; around implementation hero martyr protection law, and improve regulations System System, continued promotion martyr memorial facilities planning construction management maintenance institutionalized, and standardization, and specialization; strengthen Team Construction, introduced volunteer service, donations and support for the restoration and protection of memorial facilities for the martyrs.
Study: US National healthy diet index increases slightly but still challenges-<url>
Beijing, September 27, according to the United States overseas Chinese news network reported recently, the United States a new study shows that 16 years, the United States government's healthy diet index has grown moderately, from 56 to 58.
But with 100 out of 100, it's not worth celebrating.
Americans still face“significant dietary challenges."
Dr. Fangfang Zhang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, one of the study's authors, said Americans still consume too much food that could cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases that are the most common among Americans.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study was based on a US government health survey of 44,000 adults from 1999 to 2016.
“ Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain, ” the authors write.
It is reported that these challenges include getting Americans to cut back on foods that contain saturated fat, such as snacks, hot dogs, fat cows and butter.
The study found that people's daily intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the National Diet in the United States is the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the amount of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
The reason for the decrease in sugar intake is attributed to a decrease in people's consumption of sweet soft drinks, but Mr. Zhang stressed that sugars are often added to foods that are not even sweet,such as yogurt and ketchup.
There has been a small increase in adult intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain categories in the United States.
However, 2016 data show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Despite a slight reduction in salt intake and a reduction in juice consumption leading to low-quality carbohydrates, Mr. Zhang said they still account for as much as 42 per cent of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study was based on biannual personal health surveys that made adults recall what food they had eaten in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's guide to eating in the United States recommends a“healthy diet ” to reduce the risk of chronic disease.
According to the guidelines, people should eat more nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry, eggs and seeds that provide protein.
During the survey, the number of Americans suffering from diabetes almost doubled,to more than 7 % , and the obesity rate increased over the years-about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death for American nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Binh, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Viet Nam, Secretary of the secretariat of the Central Committee and Minister of economic affairs of the central committee, led the delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was“connecting the EU and Asia: building bridges for a sustainable future”.
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the EU's strategy for two continents.
Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, said that the strengthening of docking is part of the idea because of the benefits it brings to the peoples and economies concerned.
These relationships help to bring stability and prosperity to all concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to convey the message of increasing participation and consolidating mutually beneficial relations between Europe and Asia.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan is a special guest at the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first Stock Bank Financial subsidiary was established with technology-enabled Capital Management Business
On the 26th, Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Wealth Management Co., Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao.
Experts said that asset management is an important area of the development of financial technology, banks set up financial subsidiaries in favor of its use of technology to enhance the management of business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank, China Merchants Bank issued a notice that has been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to build financial subsidiaries.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright has been officially allowed to open.
Just 2 days later, Everbright Bank led a number of joint-stock banks, the first to set up Everbright Wealth Management in Qingdao.
Everbright Group Chairman Li Xiaopeng said, Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, the use of modern scientific and technological thinking and means, relying on Big Data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, improve customer access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the“four beams and eight pillars " for the development of financial Science and technology in China , further enhance the application capabilities of Science and technology in the financial industry, achieve deep integration and coordinated development of Finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the satisfaction of the people with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Everbright Financial Chairman Zhang Xuyang introduced, Everbright Financial Management Platform will use Intelligent Investment Consulting, Intelligent Investment Research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better macroeconomic situation judgment.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a distinguished researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competition situation in the asset management industry, fintech companies and asset management institutions will jointly explore new growth paths with asset management technology.
Fintech's ability to empower the asset management industry is not only the need for the transformation and development of fintech itself,but also will inject new vitality and vitality into the development of the asset management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong digital technology launched a new information management technology system, with the help of technology and digital means to enhance the information management of product development and wind control capabilities.
The new system from product design, sales transactions, Asset Management, Risk Assessment four major capabilities to enhance the overall level of intelligent operation of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that information management technology in improving customer service capabilities, innovation and rich products at the same time, but also to enhance the ability to prevent risk, improve the efficiency of Information Management Management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past through the questionnaire to locate the risk appetite of customers easily biased, and now the use of artificial intelligence for user portrait, help to better locate customers, according to the customer's investment preferences to launch the corresponding products, help to resolve the risk.
"E-commerce, space-time data and other alternative big data can help us better characterize a region, an industry activity, prosperity. ”
Zhang Xuyang said, in the risk at the same time, Big Data technology will also help to improve the ability of risk control.
China railway tunnel shaft deepest record set
China News Agency Baoshan on September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu for the country Zhou Jing Bo) after more than 1200 days of day and night construction, in the construction of large (Li)Rui (Li)railway high Li Gongshan tunnel shaft on the 27th completed excavation, well depth reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the deepest record of China railway tunnel shaft, and
The 34.5 km long Darei railway Gao Li Gongshan tunnel is located in Yunnan province, the tunnel from the Nu River west across the Gao Li Gongshan mountain range, is Asia's longest two-line single-hole tunnel.
The tunnel traverses 19 fault zones with a maximum depth of 1155 meters, because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that tunnel construction may encounter, Gao Li Gongshan tunnel is called the“Geological Museum " of tunnel construction .
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligongshan tunnel, which is responsible for increasing the working surface to achieve the important task of“long tunnel bunt”and the late railway operation ventilation.
No. 1 shaft successfully excavated to the bottom of the well, marking the Gaoligongshan tunnel officially entered the horizontal tunnel construction, to be the bottom yard excavation and equipment replacement, the underground can increase 4 work surface, speed up the tunnel is the hole digging speed.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation, because the granite formation cracks are more, can not stop the water, from the top to the downstream non-stop, basically how deep the well water pressure will be much." ”
China Railway Tunnel Bureau Rui railway project Department Chief Engineer division Jing Zhao told reporters that the shaft construction, many times sudden mud gushing, collapse and other dangers, the construction side invited experts on-site pulse, more than 20 times to discuss the treatment plan.
"When the maximum water gushing in the shaft, more than 300 cubic meters per hour, more than 700 meters deep bottom, water pressure is equivalent to 700 meters deep seabed." ”
"If we don't pump and drain in time, we will flood the well 10 meters in an hour. ”
In order to overcome the geological problems such as the development of vertical joints in the surrounding rock of Shaft No. 1, sudden mud and gushing water, and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts the systematic water control measures of“exploration, injection and excavation”to reduce the construction risk.
After several improvements, the No. 1 shaft construction formed a excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system and other mechanized pipeline, to achieve the drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation, concrete pouring and other mechanized operation of the whole process, accelerate the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation depth of 762.59 meters.
It is an important part of China-Myanmar international channel and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the“Belt and road”construction.
After the completion of traffic, Dali to Ruili travel time will be 6 hours from the current highway, shortened to 2 hours, will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan, to promote China and South-East Asian countries economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges of Personnel play a role in promoting.
Carrie Lam: as a Chinese, she is proud of her country's achievements
The Hong Kong press celebrates the 70th anniversary of National Day.
 The”Hong Kong press reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China " was held in Hong Kong on 27th.
Speaking at the reception, the chief executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Carrie Lam, said that the country's achievements over the past 70 years have been visible to all, and we are proud to be Chinese.
Ms. Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, deputy director of the central government liaison office in Hong Kong, Mr. Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the commissioner of the Ministry of foreign affairs in Hong Kong, Ms. Song Ruan, Deputy Political Commissar of the people's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, Ms. Chen Yadin, and Mr. Jiang zizhong, chairman of the executive committee of the
In her speech, Mrs Lam pointed out that China has made great strides in the past 70 years.
Hong Kong has been closely linked with the mainland since its return to the motherland.
We believe that under the premise of”one country, two systems“, Hong Kong can continue to play its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the Belt and Road Initiative and the Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She added that over the past few months, Hong Kong has been subject to constant social controversy, affecting everyone in Hong Kong and facing different challenges for journalists.
At this critical juncture, we hope that our friends in the press will continue to face the difficulties, uphold their professionalism, provide fair and balanced news coverage for the community, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and the return of the society to rational communication and dialogue.
Jiang zizhong pointed out that the glorious history of new China is also a journey of development, progress, blood ties and woe between Hong Kong and the motherland.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the central government has unswervingly implemented the principles of“one country, two systems”, “Hong Kong people rule Hong Kong ” and a high degree of autonomy.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, Hong Kong has witnessed a series of violent activities that openly violate the law and wanton destabilization of society, fuelled by distorted and false reports in some media.
He called for a vigorous media campaign to create a climate in which all people would resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media personnel should abide by the norms of journalism profession,guide the public consciously and violently with true reporting and responsible speech, and safeguard the Justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong Press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
Reporters learned from the Propaganda Department of Xining municipal party committee, Xining city will be implemented on October 1, "Xining city civilized behavior promotion regulations", focusing on pedestrians do not follow the traffic lights indicate the passage, throwing items from the building out of 15 kinds of uncivilized behavior, list the list of key governance, and set the appropriate penalties.
Wang Shengbin, vice minister of Propaganda Department of Xining municipal Party Committee and director of the municipal civilization Office, introduced that since Xining city was awarded the title of national civilized city in 2017, the level of civic civilization and morality has improved significantly.
But pedestrians crossing the road, running a red light, non-motor vehicles do not press the traffic lights pass; high-altitude parabolic, window parabolic; smoking in public places, public places and let go of the dog anywhere and other uncivilized behavior is still very prominent, and easy to rebound, need to be resolved as soon as possible.
Taking into account the actual situation in Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and higher standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units in terms of public places, public order, public facilities, public sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized internet access, building a civilized campus, promoting the construction of a civilized family, performing official duties, commemorating heroes and martyrs, and medical services, so that the whole society can understand“what can be done”, “ what is advocated”and“what is prohibited”.
"Formulated regulations, eliminate blind spots and errors in the field of cognitive civilized behavior, behavior of citizens, home, dining, travel, education, tourism, internet, green life, wedding and funeral sweeping comprehensive norms, will provide a strong guarantee for the rule of law to create mass spiritual civilization in Xining city." ”
Xining city people's Congress Standing Committee secretary general Qiu huaijun said.
Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and line 7 will be delayed tonight-<url>
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei)today (September 27) afternoon, Beijing Metro Company issued a notice that, during September 27 to October 7, Line 1, Line 2 and line 7 to extend the last train operating date will be adjusted.
During the delay operation, the operation time of Metro Line 1 and 2 will continue until the morning of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes to send a train.
Line 1 West to east to extend the operating time 61 minutes, east to West to extend the operating time 64 minutes, along the station last train departure time are in the next day after 00: 30; Line 2 inner extended operating 81 minutes, extended operating 95 minutes outer, along the station last train departure time are in the next day after 0: 20,
Subway line 7 Beijing West Railway Station(bound for Beijing West Railway Station)last train departure time from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, coking plant station (bound for Beijing West Railway Station) last train departure time from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourists car keys fell into the lake and the whole family was trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took two children to France for a holiday, and accidentally dropped the car keys into the lake,the family was forced to wait five days to get a new key prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
According to reports, on September 16 local time, the British family on a French lake tour, daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag, inside the car keys fell into the lake.
But it took them a few hours to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance prior to departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage and store it, then re-order the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, British tourists finally got the prepared keys before the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of their car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalizes tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
From now on, Saudi Arabia officially opened tourist visas to 49 countries,including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Visitors are required to prepare a health insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a visa on arrival at the airport after landing, or via visa.visitsaudi.com apply for an electronic signature.
Among them, the electronic signature for more than one year of entry, you can allow tourists to stay up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country, because this country never issues tourist visas.
Saudi Arabia in recent years, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, has advanced "Vision 2030", aimed at reducing the country's economy's long-term dependence on oil.
Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus Igor liashenko paid a working visit to the province of sin an, Viet Nam.
During the meeting, the party secretary of xingan province du Jinshi highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in xingan province.
The completion and production of the MAZ ASIA Automotive Production and installation plant is an important step in the development of cooperation between the two countries, helping to promote cooperation between the province of Hing an and Vietnam and Belarus.
Mr. Du Jinshi, Secretary of the provincial party committee of the province of Heing An, said that Heing An province has been creating convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to invest in the province, and hoped that in the future Belarus will take more vigorous measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in the province and Vietnam, to assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor liashenko expressed his gratitude to the province of xingan for the recent facilitation of the production and operation of Belarusian enterprises.
It is hoped that the province will continue to facilitate Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor liashenko and his party attended the completion of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant.
In the field of low-risk varieties of food production license pilot notification commitment system, the representative office of foreign enterprises to handle the authority to the Free Trade Zone
On 27th, Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and Pudong New Area Government signed a memorandum of understanding, launched 20 market supervision reform measures, some of the measures in the country is the first pilot.
According to the introduction, the commitment to inform refers to the administrative organs in the relevant license registration matters, in written form will be provided by the laws and regulations of the conditions and requirements of a one-time notification to the applicant.
After the applicant has signed the undertaking, the administrative organ may directly handle it.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and Shanghai Free Trade pilot area in the enterprise name registration, processing process is simple, low-risk varieties of food production license, part of the measuring instrument type approval and other three areas of the pilot to inform the commitment system, so that enterprises access more convenient.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. on the 27th through the way to inform the commitment on the spot to obtain the "food production license", became the first to enjoy the pilot bonus enterprises.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food permit can also take the certificate on the spot,but also took the "lack of acceptance" way, that is, to allow enterprises to submit some materials in accordance with the deadline to inform the commitment, " really feel the convenience of reform." ”
Shanghai market regulators said that the implementation of the food production license to inform the commitment system for the country's first pilot.
After the reform, the approval link from the previous”registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material audit, approval and certification“6 links compressed to”registration, acceptance, approval and certification " 3 links, ending time from 20 working days before the reform, shortened to the end of the field.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic outward, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the Registration Authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone to facilitate enterprises to handle the nearest.
Statistics show that the decentralization involves a total of 1592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled according to the new rules.
"Eleven" holiday spending small survey: choose more diversified tourism occupy the first place.
National Day holiday is approaching, people's holiday plans are gradually finalized.
"Securities Daily“Reporter recently launched a small survey in the circle of friends for the”eleven" holiday arrangements, received nearly 20 feedback shows that everyone's plans are different, but "tourism + consumption“has become”eleven" holiday keywords.
Specifically, in the "Securities Daily" reporter to get feedback, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "during the’eleven' plan to take his family to Shanghai to play, Disney is the first stop, and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn"; Ms. Li in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, " a family of three on September 28, planned a ten-day tour around the island”; Miss Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound tour,
With Cheng Yilong and travel with Travel recently jointly released the "2019 National Day Golden Week residents travel and travel trend report" shows that this year's National Day Golden Week travel and travel in line, live, travel three segments of consumption upgrade trend is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircrafts and high-speed rail travel has increased steadily,and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 national day tourism consumption trend report" released by Meituan showed that tourism consumption continued to be strong,and showed a”eat, live, play " diversified upgrade trend.
More young people travel favored high-quality, unique experience, cultural tourism, night travel and other heat continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, various types of consumer demand is also released during the”eleven " period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily, " the main plan for this year's‘11’is to buy a car . ”
Beijing a car brand 4S shop staff to the "Securities Daily" Reporter said, Generally speaking, every year in September, October is called the golden period of car sales.
During the”11 " period, stores will launch a number of activities,such as sweepstakes, store sales reduction, etc.
In addition, many brands recently launched new models, new products are expected to boost sales will be more obvious.
Consumption upgrade trend, people pay more attention to the spiritual level of demand, culture, education and other services consumption accounted for rising.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, " since the birth of a child, cultural and educational spending has become the bulk of household spending.
This year's ' 11 'is lined up, going to the 'punch card' Planetarium, children's theater, about a few family weekends to the elk Museum tent camping, also arranged some audition experience classes . ”
The personage inside course of study said, in theory, the evolution of consumer upgrading path is from survival consumption to development consumption and enjoy consumption evolution, which enjoy the consumption of a considerable part of the content for the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and rising income levels, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual level of consumer demand, Tourism, Travel is a good way.
Especially to catch up with the "eleven" National Day holiday, time is more abundant, people are more willing to travel and consumption, which can meet the spiritual level of consumer demand, but also reflects the upgrading of consumer consumption.
The afternoon began lonely, and do not want to go out, have not adjusted the children are not around the state.
Get some energy, said to the dog Nana: mom take you out.
Carefully write out to do a few things, a type of blood character more and more powerful, they feel very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutrition tablets, pay, buy sashimi, Nana small snacks.
The above is the reason to go out.
On the phone, I just finished saying to my sister aizang thanks to Nana, or even the excuse to buy a small snack is gone.
There was a perfunctory smile, said the child called and hung up.
Nana jumped into the help-desk and got down honestly.she knew she was carsick, panicked and unwilling to stay with me.
Husband Boao rarely came back early.
Then I went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Look at the wall of the 鈡, just 7 o'clock, sunrise country sunset is early, the day has been dark down.
The circle of friends in the invention of the month, the original today was actually the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a bunch of friends sent grapes, leave half to Boao, the rest in the favorite bowl of flowers, out to see the moon.
And I sat on the ground with Nana, and I ate the grapes, and she ate the skin, and I threw up the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds, but the clouds are walking, the moon flickering up, bright and dark down some glare.
My mind was raging about the moon of all kinds of poetry, but only clearly like this sentence: every thirty-five will be reunited / full of the Qing Guang Jade fence / the sky round to hold out / world Wan surname looked up.
Maybe we give the moon too much emotion, for me now,in fact, the sentence of God to God, Caesar to Caesar is the best.
Moonlight to Moonlight, mood to yourself.
After eating the grapes, the Cold Moon is chilly.
With a slight snore at her feet, the Nana Regiment stood up and spread Nana's little blanket over the edge of her little house, on which Nana lay happily.
Opened the door and shouted: Is the bath water ready?
From the bathroom window is not visible to the moon, can only feel the moonlight, turn off the bathroom lights, wow opened the glass.
No mooncakes, no alcohol.
Mascots are released at Dubai Expo 2020.
Dubai Expo 2020 mascot launch ceremony held on 26th in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot consists of six cartoon characters, including two Emirati children,three flying robots and a National Tree of the United Arab Emirates.
The event introduced the six mascots to the audience through a video clip.
The 9-year-old boy Rashid and the 8-year-old girl Latifa are siblings representing the people of the UAE.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the expo, the blue robot represents "mobility", the green robot represents "sustainability", the yellow robot represents "opportunity".
An ancient bean tree named“Salama“is the”old grandmother“of five ” little ones", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo high Committee, said the mascot could strengthen the emotional connection between large events and participants, " believing that the Dubai World Expo mascot will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, show the creativity of local talent, express our ambitions and expectations”.
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Sheikh Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan,UAE Minister of State for international cooperation, Dubai Expo director Lim Hashemi attended the ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from 20 October 2020 to 10 April 2021 under the theme“communicating ideas, creating the future".
This will be the first time the expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for undergraduate studies in Germany based on the results of the college entrance examination
Recently, Germany is responsible for the assessment and certification of foreign qualifications anabin database announced on the official website: starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for German undergraduate college entrance examination results, do not need to be registered in the domestic universities.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study for one semester (211, 985 universities) or three semesters (ordinary undergraduate) in the country and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new rules will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to complete 12 years of formal compulsory education, obtain a high school diploma, take the examination, the college entrance examination, and score 70% or more of the total score (in the case of a total score of 750 points, you need to reach 525 points or more), and which contains two language scores and a mathematical or natural science score, etc.
In addition, the specific professional requirements for college entrance examination results are not the same.
For example, to apply for medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy and other professional, college entrance examination scores must reach 80% of the full score, and college entrance examination subjects must contain Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, at least two, or participate in a comprehensive; apply for legal majors, college entrance examination scores must reach 80% of the full score, and college entrance examination subjects must
According to incomplete statistics, there are already including Germany, Britain, Canada, Australia, etc., a number of countries recognized China's college entrance examination results.
In the United Kingdom, for example, the University of Cambridge, the University of Birmingham,the University of Leicester and other colleges and universities, are accepted by Chinese students with college entrance examination results to apply for study.
Military "robot dog" first took acting class Cirque du Soleil: consider including the acting lineup.
The US military funded research and development for the battlefield“robot dog", may now be more on the stage of the circus!
Cirque du Soleil said recently, is in contact with the research and development of robots Boston Dynamics (Boston Dynamics), to discuss the feasibility of robot used in circus performances.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston power technology company announced on the 24th "four-legged robot Spot" promotional video, the content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot, can load 14 kg, with a high degree of mobility to adapt to off-road terrain, 360 degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specially developed for Spot, users can set up their own Spot robot functions through a variety of applications.
The idea of a robot dog was first published by Boston power technology in 1992, causing a stir, but has not yet been really put into commercial use.
However, Boston power technology company pointed out that the current Spot has entered the mass production stage, the subscriber to the construction, energy industry.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with the Boston Dynamics technology company, Cirque du Soleil said the project is still in the conception stage, is evaluating the potential of Spot use in the performance scene.
The State Council Information Office releases the White Paper "China and the world in a new era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the world in a new era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the propaganda department and director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the White Paper systematically introduced China's development achievements, development path, development direction and in-depth elaboration of China's relations with the world, in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has undergone tremendous changes, creating unprecedented development miracles in human history, especially since the 18th National Congress of the party, China's development has made historic achievements and historic changes.
Through a wealth of data and facts, the white paper presents China's great achievements, significance and contributions to the world over the past 70 years.
The white paper points out that China has taken decades to complete the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years, and that its total economy ranks second in the world. nearly 1.4 billion people have been freed from material shortages and have generally reached a well-off level, enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper stresses that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made a new world from scratch, made their own efforts and worked hard to make progress; over the past 70 years, China has developed in its interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to it; and over the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has contributed to world peace and injected momentum into common development for all countries.
According to the white paper, the root cause of China's success in the past 70 years is that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the right path to socialism with Chinese characteristics and have steadfastly followed it.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road to seek common development in the course of opening up and a road to rule the country in full accordance with the law.
China's development path, which is in line with China's national conditions and adapted to the requirements of the Times, will show more and more bright prospects for development as the Times move forward.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and people's happiness is both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of all peoples.
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of World Economic Growth,opening up to the outside world in all directions to create more opportunities for the development of other countries, China provides more public goods for the international community,China's development to provide experience and lessons for other developing countries, China will not take the”strong
Faced with the question of”what is going on in the world and what is going on in mankind", the white paper points out that today's world is in a period of unprecedented change, and that human society is both hopeful and challenging.
China has proposed to build a community of human destiny,and has opened up a new road of development based on win-win cooperation and joint construction and sharing, thus providing new options for Human Development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations as the core, promote the exchange of civilizations and mutual learning, and jointly promote the building of a community of human destiny and a better world.
With the growing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developed China gets along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the peaceful development, prosperity and stability of the world cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of Human Development, insisted on win-win cooperation and common development,insisted on maintaining and promoting economic globalization,actively developed global partnership,firmly supported multilateralism,upheld international fairness and Justice,promoted the co-construction of high-quality development of the Belt and Road initiative, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and always acted as a builder of World Peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper pointed out that in the new era of China, the determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change,the determination to learn from each other, cooperation and win-win with other countries will not change, the determination to walk hand in hand with the world will not change.
The white paper concludes by stating that the future and destiny of nations in today's world have never been so closely linked.
The White Paper "China and the world in a new era" consists of the preface, the text and the concluding remarks,the full text of more than 29,000 words.
The White Paper is published in 8 languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese.
Is MCA in the parliamentary seat by-election in Tanjung biai, Johor?
MCA president Dato 'Seri Wei ka-Cheung:" the Supreme Council of the National People's Republic of China discussed! ”
Tanjung biai national seat by-election is coming,whether the BN member party of MCA in the traditional state seat is interesting.
However, after the meeting of the MCA Central Committee, it was announced that it would be left to the BN supreme council to decide whether the traditional MCA seat would continue to be replaced by MCA or by other members of the party.
Wei Jiaxiang told the media Thursday afternoon after hosting a meeting of the MCA central committee that any by-election would be conducted by the BN in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOP).
He said the BN supreme council meeting is expected to be held in early October as the election committee will meet next Monday (1) to finalize the Tanjung biai by-election.
"Yesterday morning (26th), I also met with the chairman of the BN, Dato' Seri Ahmad Tashi,and we all agreed on the need to regain this seat from the hope coalition. ”
“We have finalized a special BN leaders ' meeting to be held in early October. ”
Mr Wei reiterated that he, as president of MCA, must act in accordance with standard operating procedures and therefore any decision must be made by the BN consensus.
“In any by-election, it is common for people to be willing to go out, for political parties, and for people to think they should come out. ”
“The most important thing is what organizations and political alliances do we come from?”
“This is a big test for us over the years to form a political alliance,we believe that the BN along the way, uphold some valuable values. ”
"In the process, maybe someone will say something, that is not surprising.”
"However, once the Supreme Council of the National Front has made a decision, we must be fully prepared for the war, that is the most valuable . ”
In any case, Mr Wei said that MCA will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung biai by-election at three levels: the District Council, the State Council and the central government.
The District Council will be led by Dato 'Seri Wong Il sung, chairman of the District Council (Tanjung biai); the State Council will be led by Dato' Lam Pui hing, acting chairman of the State Council; and the Central Council will be personally deployed by the acting president Dato 'Ma Hon shun and the general secretary Dato' Cheung Shing man. ”
On Saturday (21), NTU Tanjung biai congressman Dato ' Mohd Fath died of heart problems at Benjen government hospital, aged 42.
A village in baokang county, Hubei province was ordered to hunt wild animals ”
A village in baokang county, Hubei province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to compensate for the cost of repairing damage to the ecological resources and environment for 15,420 yuan (RMB, the same below).
Due to the impoverishment of the defendant & apos; s family, the Procurator & apos; s office used alternative labour compensation for ecological restoration costs, thus achieving an organic unification of legal and social effects.
Baokang County Procuratorate deputy prosecutor Wang Zhongliang on the 27th, through three months of "compulsory Patrol" and other alternative Labor, the defendant Zhou has established deep feelings with wild macaques, and the previous behavior of hunting animals deeply responsible.
On June 21 this year, baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, in the county court of public hearing and sentencing.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to three years 'imprisonment, four years' probation and a fine of 3,000 yuan.
After investigation, Zhou from late January 2014 began to set up a power grid at the cliff, has hunted more than 20 wild animals, including gazelle, small muntane, hair crown deer and so on.
The Antelope belongs to the National second-class endangered wild animal protection, small muntjacks, hair crown deer is listed as the "national terrestrial wildlife protection list".
During the trial, Mr. Zhou confessed his illegal facts and acts and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, taking into account the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the Coordination of the baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: that is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration costs by domesticating macaques in the village's macaques Reserve, conducting conservation work, voluntary Mountain Patrol and forest protection for one year.
For the prosecutor's proposal, the court agreed that Zhou's probation, while actively fulfilling the obligation of”alternative labor compensation ecological restoration costs".
At present, Zhou has been in the macaque reserve for three months of voluntary labor, tour the mountains actively, good performance.
In recent years, baokang County procuratorate in practice the procuratorial functions and social governance behavior organic integration, scientific use of procuratorial recommendations, investigation supervision, litigation supervision and other supervision methods, with judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
The United Nations presents the Earth Guardian Award for Ant Forest ”
In the warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the project leader of”Ant Forest", and Shen Junliang, the user representative, took the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "guardian of the Earth" from the host.
The“Ant Forest”Project, which used mobile app to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental action, won the "incentive and Action Award"award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya.
“ Ant Forest”is an exciting innovation that has enabled hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humanity can do for the environment, " Inge annosheng, executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme, told Xinhua news agency.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment, so that each individual can participate in the action to protect the Earth, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" by the China Ant Financial Services Group (referred to as Ant Financial Service) in August 2016 launched in Alipay platform, users through the”Ant Forest "record their daily life in the green travel, online payment of utility bills and other low-carbon action to accumulate" green energy“, ” tree " in the mobile phone.
For each virtual tree cultivated by users, Ant Forest and its public welfare partners plant a real tree in a desertification area.
As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users cumulative carbon emissions of 7.92 million tons, in the desertification area of 122 million trees.
In the“guardian of the Earth Award”presented on the same day, Costa Rica for its national environmental efforts, came to receive the award Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado on the scene praised the contribution of the“Ant Forest” “ " can inspire so many people to participate in green action, it is impressive”.
Jing Hyun-dong, chairman and CEO of Ant Financial, said the "Earth Guardian Award" is an affirmation of the”Ant Forest " Project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life, and this honor belongs to all participants.
Mr. Jing said the Ant Forest has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the Ant Forest in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon action.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers ' income more from the mountains and rivers.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through tree planting, but also through agricultural development projects, e-commerce platform to help farmers achieve income.
"Ant Forest" created a digital technology-based public welfare and Environmental Protection model has also been successful in the sea, by other countries.
In June, the Philippines 'largest“e-wallet”GCash launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest", encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to reports, GCash will work with the Ministry of Environment and natural resources of the Philippines, environmental non-profit organizations, plans to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within a year of the start of the project.
The Earth Guardian Award is the highest UN award in the field of Environmental Protection and is awarded annually.
"Ant Forest" was awarded as the“incentive and Action Award”for the third consecutive year for green innovation projects from China, following the construction of the Saihan dam Forest Farm in China and the“Thousand Villages demonstration and Ten Thousand Villages remediation”project in Zhejiang province, China.
Economic and trade friction affects the U.S. economy " transcript."
U.S. economic“report card”in the second quarter of this year showed that gross domestic product (GDP) growth slowed significantly from the previous quarter, as a result of a sharp decline in private-sector investment and exports.
Analysts point out that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty that it brings are the main cause of the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The U.S. Department of Commerce announced the 26th final correction data show that the second quarter of the United States GDP growth of 2% on an annual basis, with the previously announced correction data flat, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter .
Data show that consumption growth has become the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounted for about 70% of the US economy, grew by 4.6% QoQ, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment contributed to economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, in the second quarter, private sector investment fell 6.3% from the previous quarter, slowing economic growth by 1.16 percentage points; exports fell 5.7% from the previous quarter , and net exports slowed economic growth by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knapp, managing partner at the Ironside vision economic consulting firm, said private-sector investment not only failed to maintain the momentum of last year's growth, but declined sharply as rising economic friction and uncertainty hit corporate confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, next year US corporate capital spending is expected to remain in a downward trend.
Analysts believe that, although consumption growth in the second quarter of the United States economy formed a strong support, but there are more and more signs that economic and trade friction and uncertainty has affected consumer confidence, and adversely affect the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said in a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, a record high in a year and a half.
For the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow.
But some experts say that if trade and economic friction is eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
British economist think tank global economist Karen Burch expects the future US economy will continue this year's gradual downward trend, growth will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, predicts that the US economy will grow at 2.3% this year and further slow to 1.6% next year, assuming that trade and economic friction will not continue to escalate.
Investment manager Ellen hatzen of Patnam investment company pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty, if the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced, the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than now.
Miller-Tabak asset management company stock strategist Matt Meley said, trade and economic friction is still the " primary problem”, is also the main reason for the sharp fluctuations in the United States capital markets this year, trade and economic friction can be properly resolved, will be the key to the rest of the year in the United States Capital Markets.
Ningxia's first joint parental leave for parents of children aged 0 to 3 years can take 10 days a year
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights and an important symbol of social civilization and progress.
On September 27, at the fifteenth meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the regulations on the protection of the rights and interests of women in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were passed with high votes.
This is Ningxia's first provincial-level local regulation on the comprehensive and systematic protection of women's legal rights and interests, which will be formally implemented on November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the "regulations" adopted in 2007 "Ningxia implementation of the" law of the people's Republic of China on the protection of women's rights and interests " on the basis of re-revised, divided into nine chapters 65, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labor and Social Security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities, supplementary provisions.
In the regulations, Ningxia encouraged the exploration of joint parental leave for couples, the first in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the guidance on promoting the development of care services for infants and young children under three years of age, which describes the joint parenting of couples.
Ningxia in the process of amending the "regulations", the innovation proposed "encourage employers to comply with the laws and regulations of the couple with children, children between zero and three years of age, each year to give both spouses 10 days of joint parental leave".
At the same time, the regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the current compilation of personality rights in the Civil Code of China and provides detailed provisions on the constituent elements of sexual harassment, as well as on the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the regulations explicitly prohibits the high incidence of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, which is a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know about joint property of marriage and family and to dispose of it, Article 35 of the regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about joint property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, providing solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, Article 26 of the ordinance prohibits not only direct discrimination, but also indirect discrimination, in response to the hot social issue of gender discrimination in employment.
In recent years, the Ningxia women & apos; s Federation, the Department of public inspection and law, civil affairs and other departments have been promoting and introducing professional social forces to participate in the mediation of marital and family conflicts and disputes and in combating domestic violence.
The regulations summarize and raise these issues. in a number of laws, they encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require the people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and systematic guarantees and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia xingan League Yuan Longping academician workstation saline-alkali rice yield rice broken thousands of pounds
Reporter 27 from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region xingan League administrative office was informed that the Union recently held in the "xingan League Yuan Longping academician workstation saline-resistant rice field production and acceptance Council" uploaded good news, saline-resistant rice average per mu of rice to break a thousand pounds.
By the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University, Hunan province agricultural and Rural Department of 6 experts production expert group, on-site”Xing salt series " rice sampling harvest.
After expert assessment, the PH value of 8.8 to 9.6, salinity content in 5‰to 6‰of the land, the average yield of salinity rice rice up to 508.8 kg.
Xing'an League Yuan Longping academician workstation executive webmaster Wang Shigang said: "Our next step in this year on the basis of the test, but also innovation, but also reform, the Saline-Alkali rice varieties again nurtured and optimized to make better quality, higher yield." ”
Production expert group leader, Vice President of Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, researcher laiyongcai said: "under the premise of production factors unchanged, I think continue to strengthen scientific and Technological Research, saline-alkali rice will continue to produce miracles in saline-alkali land . ”
The Xing'an league belongs to the special hardship area in the southern foothills of the Daxing'an Ridge.
In October 2018, academician Yuan Longping workstation was inaugurated in the xingan League.
Academician Yuan Longping led the expert team to speed up the introduction and promotion of the latest cultivation of "saline-resistant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technology, in Horqin Right Wing in the banner construction of 960 acres of saline-resistant rice base, the use of test demonstration, while promoting the technical route, boost the local poor people to increase production and income,
The saline-resistant rice on-site production, not only for the Hing an League saline in low-yield fields to enhance the high-yield fields into hope, more saline rice cultivation under the same conditions in our country provides a scientific basis.
After a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the new state of Australia passed a bill legalizing abortion on September 26, local time, the Australian network reported.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate over the past eight weeks, and serious divisions have emerged within the Australian Freedom Party since independent lawmaker Greenwich announced its introduction.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the new state Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the Chamber of Deputies of Nova Scotia, abortion in Nova Scotia was legalized.
The Act allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and, if the two doctors agree, to have an abortion later in pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th to allow doctors to seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the hospital advisory committee before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, amendments passed by the Senate include the requirement that doctors provide appropriate care for babies who survive termination of pregnancy.
Prior to this, NSW Governor Barry Gillian, who had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill, stepped in several times to gain more debate time for the bill, did not attend the final vote.
“ I need to take the time to run the whole state, " said Berry Gillian, defending her absentee vote. ”
It is reported that Australian Liberal lawmaker Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, after the bill threatened to withdraw from the new state government, said the bill caused a " government crisis."
But then Davis made concessions.
“ The amendment to the legalizing abortion bill, which was submitted to the house on the morning of the 26th, actually provides more protection for women and doctors, " Davis said. ”
Meanwhile, Barilaro, the leader of the NSW state party, said he was proud to be part of a government that legalized abortion.
“What we achieved last night was historic for Nova Scotia, it legalized abortion,it was no longer a crime, and it did not treat women as criminals. ”
Sany Group's major projects are located in Zhuzhou.
A total investment of 15 billion yuan, focusing on the development of oil intelligent equipment, intelligent steel industry.
Today, Zhuzhou municipal People's government and Sany Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group invested 15 billion yuan in Zhuzhou to develop intelligent steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional R & D Center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects, the annual output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan SANY wisdom steel industry project site hetang district, will focus on building the province and even the central largest steel and product trading center, but also Sany Group metal structure intelligent manufacturing and processing center; with a total investment of 5 billion yuan of oil intelligent equipment and regional R & D Center (headquarters base) project placement
At the same time, Sany Group will also build construction machinery used car market in Zhuzhou high-tech zone Auto Expo Park, carry out practical cooperation in the field of intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with Sany Group.
The city will cooperate with the project as this year the city's investment "one project", municipal party secretary Mao Tengfei, mayor Yang Weiguo LED, set up a special Coordination Group, efficient docking, high advance, the whole process for the development of SANY Group settled in Zhuzhou to provide quality and efficient services, from the intention to contact the formal signing of the cooperation agreement,
Finance Minister Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred state capital of 860.1 billion yuan to enrich the Social Security Fund.
Finance Minister Liu Kun said on the 27th,so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions to complete the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund, a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the task deployment meeting of the national transfer of part of State-Owned Capital to enrich the Social Security Fund jointly convened by the Ministry of finance, the Ministry of human resources and Social Security and the SASAC on the same day.
"The transfer of part of State-Owned Capital to enrich the Social Security Fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system, is a state-owned enterprise development results shared by the whole people and the basic old-age insurance system intergenerational equity fully reflected, is based on the current, taking into account the long-term policy measures. ”
In 2017, the State Council issued the implementation plan for the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund, requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out the pilot.
According to Liu Kun, the transfer of early work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred, with a total state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer work of the central financial institutions in which the Ministry of Finance fulfils its responsibilities as contributors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work has been carried out.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed,and the state-owned capital was transferred to 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out pre-transfer preparation work, lay the foundation for the next step in the implementation of transfer.
According to a joint notice issued by the Ministry of finance, the Ministry of human resources and Social Security, SASAC, the state administration of taxation and the CSRC, the central and local transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund was fully launched in 2019, and basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on that day made a concrete deployment for the full roll-out.
The need for effective and efficient completion of the transfer process was emphasized.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work to be completed by the end of 2020.
Transfer work time is tight, heavy task . ”
Liu Kun said that the regions and departments should be carefully organized and carefully arranged to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; solid progress, accurately grasp the Transfer Policy Content; strengthen communication and coordination, timely resolution of difficult problems.
From the beginning of the“strengthening the purse of the Social Security Fund”, the goal is to provide a strong support for Old — Age Security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple equity "physical displacement“, but opened the ” mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of finance, the Ministry of human resources and social welfare, the SASAC, the state administration of taxation and the CSRC jointly issued the "notice on comprehensively opening the transfer of part of State-Owned Capital to enrich the Social Security Fund", clarifying the schedule of State-Owned Capital transfer to the Social Security Fund, that is, the central and local transfer of part of State-Owned Capital to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully opened in 2019.
After the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments quickly implemented.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance will hold 10% of the industrial and Commercial Bank, Agricultural Bank equity transfer to the Social Security Fund, the total value of the two equity transfer of more than 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the Social Security Foundation and other entities to undertake as financial investors, enjoy the Income rights, disposal rights and the right to know the state-owned equity.
ICBC and ABC said in the announcement that the changes in equity will not lead to changes in the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the bank.
In this regard, the author believes that similar Soe equity transfer is not a simple change of ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of“addition”.
Part of the first step in the transfer of state-owned social security "addition results", naturally can reflect the state-owned enterprises owned by the whole people, the results of development shared by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises in China's economy are mostly in important industries and fields, the overall profitability is strong and more stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises is to continue to achieve excellence bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided that this year the transfer of part of State-Owned Capital to enrich the Social Security Fund work.
The Ministry of finance then said, will work with the relevant departments, according to the deployment of the executive meeting of the state council, fully open the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund work, fully reflect the basic pension insurance system intergenerational equity and the development of state-owned enterprises to share the results.
The second step of the transfer“addition results " is to enhance the sustainability of China's Social Security Fund, and further strengthen the foundation of the pension Social Security System.
With the aging of the population, China's Social Security funds are under pressure,and this time as the transfer of the main state capital, most have sustained profitability and dividend ability, not only can effectively supplement the Social Security Fund, it is to provide the source of living water for the Social Security Fund.
Some estimates show that each transfer of 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital, you can support the basic pension insurance of enterprises to reduce the proportion of 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer "addition result" is to add a stabilizer for the capital market.
This transfer to undertake the main way to obtain income is " dividend-based, supplemented by the operation”.
As a financial investor of State-Owned Capital, the Social Security Fund is really focused on obtaining equity dividend income.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the Social Security Fund has a strong capital operation ability.
For listed assets in state-owned Capital, the participation of the Social Security Fund in the holding of shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help to enhance the level of enterprise management, have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the Social Security Fund as an investment vane, enhance the weight of ownership, is conducive to further enhance its influence in the market, and play a“stabilizer”role in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to give full play to the“value discovery " function of institutional investors, investors guide rational investment, value investment.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig conservatoire at the age of 18 and studied with Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted in the form of works not published in Germany, and then even stopped working.
In 1933, he wrote the symphony miserae and dedicated it to“my sleeping friends."
In 1935, the Symphony premiered in Prague but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto was a violin and orchestra concerto, the manuscript of which was stolen out of Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral Concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven music festival in 2018.
US Senate approves Scalia as Labor minister-<url>
Xinhua news agency Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xian Lai) the US Senate voted on the 26th President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Labor minister.
The vote was 53 in favour and 44 against, with no Democrats voting for Scalia.
Republicans believe Scalia's résumé makes him well-suited for a Labour Minister.
But for Democrats, Scalia has long been on the opposite side of workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then Labor minister, announced his resignation in July, under intense public pressure, after being accused of“leniency ” against Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexual assault and child trafficking.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a well-known law firm in the United States, whose father was the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the United States Federal Government Cabinet-level department, responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Trump had nominated acting director of FEMA, Peter Gayner, to officially lead the agency.
In accordance with the procedure, Gaynor's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
FEMA, under the United States Department of Homeland Security, is responsible for coordinating the federal government's resources to deal with natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other emergencies in the United States and subsequent matters.
Since the 35th anniversary of the National Day Parade debut, every organization parade, there will be a“Big Mac”phalanx of Strategic Missile Forces.
"The National Day Parade, is changed from‘soldiers’to‘Army’, Rocket Army debut Changan Street. ”
Wang Bo, the head of the command group of the Rocket Army equipment party, said.
By reading missile force fully carry forward the special hardships, special combat, special dedication, strict and detailed training, scientific training, parade training throughout the three characteristics, showing a good strategic military image, pay more attention to strict style.
In this parade training, both generals and soldiers, are strict standards, forging vigorous and resolute, ordered the Prohibition of the excellent style.
They also pay attention to carry forward the spirit of craftsmen, seize every detail to practice technology, practice perseverance, practice style, formed a "military posture, fast, bright answer" and other characteristics, continue to use strict style to create a mighty missile phalanx, pay more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
Rocket Army as a high-tech strategic army, science and technology, innovation is a fine tradition and advantages.
The parade training, they learn from previous experience, based on breaking the mindset, break through the traditional approach, the use of satellite positioning, laser ranging, High-Definition Imaging, real-time speed and other advanced means to enhance the training level and quality and efficiency, to ensure that the combination of people and vehicles is not bad, the team action is not bad, more
Rocket Army by reading troops adhere to the parade field and the launch site of the same standard, higher requirements, live every pass, keep an eye on every detail, let the reading troops subjected to quenching, really let the National Day Parade Field to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops training ground and examination room.
Iran has been confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend compliance with Iran's nuclear agreement
Beijing, September 27, according to the“Central News Agency”reported that the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency(IAEA)said on the 26th, Iran uses advanced centrifuges to manufacture enriched uranium, has once again violated Iran's nuclear agreement.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July to keep stocks of enriched uranium below 300 kg and to a purity of no more than 3.67%, and is now moving further.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only install about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium,in addition, Iran is allowed to use only a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in nuclear bombs.
The report said that the IAEA report states: "on September 25, the agency has confirmed that Iran developed model 2, Model 3 of the advanced centrifuge ... is accumulating or is ready to accumulate enriched uranium . ”
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency reported to member states on the 26th, a diplomatic officer responded: “ they are busy [Natanz uranium enrichment] facilities. ”
The Association of Vietnamese investors and entrepreneurs officially unveiled.
The president of the Vietnam-South Korean investors and Entrepreneurs Association, hailing Chen, said VKBIA will work together to strengthen the ties between the two countries to play a role as a bridge.
The two countries are aiming to increase their two-way trade to $ 100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen hailing believes that the birth of the association will be an important step towards achieving these goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the government and the relevant functional bodies of the Republic of Korea would assist the association in its future operation.
Vietnam's deputy ambassador to South Korea Chen Changshui said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas, aimed at expanding investment and cooperation space,mutual help for Vietnam's economic development and integration into the International Economic cause to make more effective contributions, promote the booming trade relations between
At the ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnamese farm and Agribusiness Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea, and with the goal of achieving $ 100 billion in two-way trade by 2020, the two countries are strengthening practical cooperation in foreign affairs, national defense, security and other fields, promoting trade and investment cooperation.
Italy's Minister of Education has proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of education and member of the Five-Star Movement in Italy's new government cabinet, has presented a motion to Parliament to introduce a new tax policy on sugary drinks, snacks and air tickets.
According to the report, according to the Education Minister Fioramonti proposed a bill motion, the Italian government will be sugary drinks, snacks and other health hazards of food and beverage products to levy a snack tax;at the same time levy environmental taxes on air tickets, domestic flights levy 1 euro, international flights levy 1.5 euro.
Fioramonti said the government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in taxes through a series of seemingly small tax measures.
The tax proceeds will be used in the areas of education, health and Environmental Protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said he thought it was a viable option;Italian congressmen, European lawmakers and Union party leader Salvini tweeted ironically, please hurry to hide dessert, biscuits, bread and candy, because the new government will start to impose a snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax refers to a special tax on sugary drinks, high-calorie food.
The introduction of this tax can contribute to public health benefits.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
Beijing, Ottawa, September 26 (Reporter Yu ruidong)the new Chinese ambassador to Canada Cong peiwu held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time.
In his speech, Cong peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of new China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the whole people, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, not only profoundly changing the face of China, benefiting its own people, but also having far-reaching global significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has pioneered a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed its wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
The photo shows the guests stopping to watch the 70th anniversary of the new China theme photo exhibition held at the same time.
According to Cong peiwu, China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made an important contribution to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic principles of international relations, with the Five Principles of peaceful coexistence as the core. it is a builder of World Peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, to the benefit of all peoples.
Cong peiwu stressed that the nearly 50 years of development of Sino-Canadian relations have shown that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect can relations between the two countries move forward on the right track.
On the other hand, relations between the two countries will suffer, and their interests will suffer.
At present, China-Canada relations are experiencing serious difficulties,and the responsibility is not with China.
"The answer is the answer ” "
It is hoped that Canada will come up with an appropriate solution to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations as soon as possible and create conditions for the two countries to return to the right track.
The reception was attended by more than 700 representatives of Canadian government officials, federal senators, friends from all walks of Life, ambassadors and overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students.
Officials from the Chinese Embassy in Canada, including Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun, attended the reception.
The 70th anniversary of the founding of new China theme photo exhibition was held at the reception, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed a distinctive literary program.
This is the first time that Cong peiwu, the 16th ambassador of China to Canada, has made his debut at the public event.
Cong Pei-Wu arrived in Canada on 22 September and delivered a copy of his credentials to Mr. Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Chief Protocol Officer of the Ministry of foreign affairs, in Ottawa the following day.
Born in May 1967, Cong peiwu graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was a resident of the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to his mission to Canada, he served as director of the North American Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and previously served as minister counsellor and minister at the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The city of Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand its cooperation with local Lao communities
Mr. Nguyen de Chung recalled the meaningful exchange of delegations between the two sides and affirmed that they had helped to nurture the special and friendly relations between the two countries expected from President Ho Chi Minh and president Kai Shan Phong Wai Han.
Mr. Nguyen de Chung expressed the hope that Ambassador tonsavan would continue to serve as a bridge and link between Hanoi and the rest of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador thongsawan said that his country had learned from the many successful experiences of Vietnam and was impressed by the groundbreaking developments in Hanoi and Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador tonsawan expressed his gratitude to the government of Hanoi for its strong support and assistance in the activities of the Lao embassy in Viet Nam and was confident that the relationship would continue to develop well despite the global fluctuations.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen de Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, the city of Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying at various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN missions held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of 26th,the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
Indonesia's Minister of trade Lukita, Minister of land and space planning Sophia Ann, ASEAN deputy secretary general confu and other guests attended the reception.
Indonesian friends from all walks of life, representatives of countries in Indonesia, ASEAN missions and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of Overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students,”I and China " theme children painting award-winning contestants and more than 1000 people attended the reception.
Chinese ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and ambassador to ASEAN Huang xilian warmly welcome guests.
Xiao Qian, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN mission, said that the birth of new China in 1949 opened a new era of Chinese history.
China has made progress from being closed and backward to opening up, from being without food and clothing to being well-off in all respects,from accumulating poverty and weakness to becoming prosperous and strong,and the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said, in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress,the two countries continue to strengthen political mutual trust, pragmatic cooperation continued to promote, exchanges in various fields to expand, China-Indonesia Comprehensive Strategic Partnership line stability to far.
China-ASEAN relations continue to improve and upgrade, and always adhere to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, effectively promoting peace, stability and prosperity in the region.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental change in the development of new China in the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have pioneered and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This road, which conforms to the trend of the Times and China's national conditions, profoundly changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region, is a road of power that can be made through, right and well.
The photo shows”the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China theme tour " attracted guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China and Indonesia, and ASEAN will always work together to promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, for the bilateral, regional and world to make new and greater contributions.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the 70 years of new China's glorious achievements and reflecting Sino—Indonesia, China-ASEAN relations.
The video was divided into three parts:“China's development is brilliant”, “China—Indonesia relations are stable and far away ” and “China-ASEAN relations are improved and upgraded”.
The reception also featured a ” theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China", which attracted guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi team opens trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha, autonomous taxi team Robotaxi trial operation officially opened.
The first batch of 45“red flag EV”robotaxi fleet developed jointly by Apollo and FAW red flag started trial operation in Changsha part of the open test road.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on Apollo official website to apply to become a seed user,and have the opportunity to take the experience.
One experience passenger said he was sitting in the back of the vehicle, clicking on the screen in front of the passenger seat, a key to open the vehicle's Autopilot trip.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and current policies and regulations, the pilot operation of the vehicle in the driver's seat is equipped with a safety officer, to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the process of moving, the vehicle can be intelligent lane change according to the road conditions, you can also determine the traveling condition of the surrounding vehicle, to close overtaking, etc. to make automatic avoidance.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen displays pedestrians, cars, and even some traditional blind spots on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, but also in advance to see the change in front of the traffic lights and waiting time and other information, all conditions at a glance.
Driverless had heard about it on television and thought it was far away from us, but today it's amazing to find it in our lives.
We look forward to its real future into the lives of ordinary people.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses from the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha autonomous driving test open road, through Changsha artificial intelligence science and technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu, dawangshan, high-tech zone and other areas, a total length of 135 km, demonstration area of 70 square kilometers, is currently China's longest road mileage, the largest area, covering the most complex scene, the most advanced vehicle road coordination infrastructure intelligent driving demonstration area.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, Apollo Robotaxi team in Changsha trial operation Road will cover about 50 km, in the first half of 2020 plans to cover the current opening of 135 km of road in Changsha.
The women's volleyball team wins Lang Ping still have dissatisfaction: playing team mistakes so much, it will be difficult
Beijing time on the afternoon of the 27th, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth game of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup, the opponent for the strong Dutch women's volleyball team, the final Chinese women's volleyball team 3:1 victory over the Dutch women's volleyball team, ushered in the women's Volleyball World Cup nine wins in a row.
However, after the match, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's third inning.
“The third innings each other to strengthen the offensive serve,some of us (a pass)is not in place to storm the ball, their mistakes are particularly many . ”
"With the strong team, their mistakes so much, it is difficult." ”
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
“We told the players to focus, a pass by the attack is not in place, we have to adjust the attack well, in addition we have to fight with the other side of the defense . ”
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, said she encountered some difficulties in the attack, more anxious, too want to kill the ball, the action will be deformed.
Hope she be patient “ " we all give her protection ” "
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
(70 years of new china)white paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The white paper said that as China's overall national strength and international influence increase rapidly, some people around the world are worried that China will take the“National strong will dominate”road, some people put forward the so-called“China threat theory. ” 
This is a combination of cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances caused by power loss,and deliberate distortions to defend one's vested interests.
Achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and people's happiness is both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of all peoples.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge . ”
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of World Economic Growth, China is the largest contributor to World Economic Growth, China's scientific and technological innovation to inject new momentum for World Economic Growth, the future of China's economic stabilizer and power source role is more prominent.
The current world economic growth momentum is insufficient, the sound Chinese economy is increasingly important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. new types of industrialization, information technology, urbanization and agricultural modernization are accelerating.
According to the McKinsey Global Research Institute, by 2040, China and the rest of the world's economies are expected to generate 22 trillion to 37 trillion dollars of economic value, equivalent to 15% -26% of the global economy, the rest of the world and China to strengthen cooperation, will create huge economic value. ”
The white paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and deep integration.
China, with a more stable economy, a higher quality of growth and a promising outlook for growth, is a long-term positive for the development of the world economy.
Looking at China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge“, it is not feasible and harmful to try to extricate China from the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain and to ” decouple" China from the world economy.
The white paper points out that all-round opening to the outside world creates more opportunities for countries to share“China's dividends”.
China has the world's most potential consumer market, China is the most attractive investment destination, more large-scale“going out”to benefit more countries.
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial,not one-way and one-way.
Mutual benefit and two-way long-term lasting. ”
The white paper said that China is committed to continue to expand imports, ease market access,improve the business environment,strengthen intellectual property protection, other countries should also expand the opening up, take appropriate measures to improve their own business environment.
Only when all parties face each other, in order to create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win Development Environment, common development of the“cake”more and more, the formation of mutual benefit and win-win community of interests.
The white paper notes that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality co-construction of the Belt and Road Initiative , building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation,actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China has benefited from the development of the international community and has always paid back to the international community to provide more and better public goods to the international community. ”
General manager of the Russian export center Andrei slupniov said in a written interview with Xinhua news agency reporters recently, Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the field of economic and trade, to further optimize the export structure, promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
The forestry, machinery and chemical industries account for a significant proportion of Russian exports to China, while agricultural exports are also important, including fats and oils, meat and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood, Mr. slipnov said.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
Talking about the optimization of Russia's export structure to China, Mr. slipunov said the Russian side has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the world's countries and regions, including China, for the import demand for high-tech products.
Next, the Russian side will improve financial and non-financial support measures, promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Mr. slepnov said Russia was willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of Medicine and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many areas, compared with similar Western products, " quality advantage, price competitiveness”.
Referring to the two countries ' goal of achieving $ 200 billion in bilateral trade by 2024, slepnov said that the fields of Agriculture, Machinery Manufacturing, Chemical Industry and forestry would play an important role in achieving that goal.
The Russian side intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and the export of deep-processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to push its exporters into the global value-added chain,with China being one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of Agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemical industry are well equipped to participate in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises, “ the establishment of more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries. ” 
The Russian Export Center, through the Russian export credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank, is taking a variety of measures and services to support the export of Russian products to China, Mr. sleepniov said.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with the relevant departments of the Chinese side, promote more convenient access to the Chinese market for Russian goods, the development of new types of export products to China.
The growth of financial institutions using renminbi to pay is evident worldwide.
From July 2017 to July 2019, there has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB payments worldwide, according to the latest“RMB tracking special issue”released by Swift in London on the 26th.
At SWIFT's 2019 annual conference in London, the agency's“RMB tracking special issue", entitled "insight into RMB from a London perspective," showed that the number of financial institutions using RMB payments worldwide increased by 11.31% from July 2017 to July 2019, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions in Africa and the Middle East using RMB payment increased the largest, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98 % .
As of August 2019, the share of the RMB in the global payment currency was 2.22%, according to the report.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in offshore foreign exchange trading in the renminbi.
According to the report, in July 2019, London's share of RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions in the world was 33.79%, ranking the top spot in the world.
London ranks first in global foreign exchange trading, the report said.
In July 2019, London's share of global forex trading was 40.14 % , 12.93% in the United States and 7.67% in France.
The Foreign Ministry responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": sneaky self-destructive personality
In response to the Taiwanese personnel recently entered the United Nations headquarters to participate in meetings related to religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang 27 in a regular press conference, said that such a small move is very disgraceful, laughing.
A reporter asked, according to Taiwan media reports, the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations headquarters to participate in the United States held a meeting on religious issues, called“diplomatic breakthrough. ” 
The meeting you are referring to is a side event organized by the United States on the premises of the United Nations, not a United Nations conference at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan personnel in a sneaky way into the United Nations, self-destructive personality, also rendering that this is the so-called“diplomatic breakthrough”, this small action is very disgraceful, laughing.
He pointed out that the United Nations has repeatedly reiterated its commitment to dealing with the Taiwan question in accordance with General Assembly Resolution 2758 (2003), and that the United Nations membership has also adhered to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerate the upgrading of dairy industry structure-Xinhua
Xinhua news agency Hohhot September 27 (reporter an Lu Meng) reporter learned from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Hohhot city government, Hohhot city to accelerate the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Yili, Mengniu among the top ten global dairy enterprises, accelerate the implementation of Yili health food industrial park, Mengniu China dairy industrial park and a number of projects, to create ” China's milk
Dairy is the traditional advantage of Hohhot industry, relying on the unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, Hohhot dairy scale rapidly expanded, large-scale farming rate continues to improve.
In 2018, the city's large-scale dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers into the industrial chain, Yili, Mengniu two enterprises sales revenue of nearly 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot city issued a "build" China's milk upgrade version "several opinions" promote the upgrading of the dairy industry Three-Year Action Plan (2018-2020)", around the first to achieve the goal of dairy manufacturing 4.0, the implementation of high-quality milk base construction, agricultural enterprises, hundreds of billions of leading enterprises
Hohhot City Mayor Feng Yuzhen said that the local will accelerate the promotion of Yili health food industrial park, Mengniu China dairy Industrial Park investment of two hundred billion yuan level project landing, simultaneous construction of National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, and constantly enhance the core competitiveness of the National Dairy Industry.
On September 27, the median price of VND rose by 5 VND against the US dollar
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of + / - 3%, the banks of the dollar against the Vietnamese shield exchange rate cap of 23854 VND, the lower limit of 22465 VND.
The bank's RMB bid and ask prices were VND 3211 and VND 3295, respectively, down 1 VND from the previous trading day.
Vietnam Techcombank (Techcombank) will buy and sell the dollar price of 23131 and 23271 VND VND, respectively, down 2 VND compared with the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB bid and ask prices were 3193 VND and 3326 VND, down 1 VND and 2 VND from the previous trading day, respectively.
"China good story" database online to show the world the real three-dimensional comprehensive China
With the purpose of”tell a good Chinese story, spread a good Chinese voice “for the purpose of the outreach work of innovative, basic platform — ”China good story " database officially launched today, to show the world the real, three-dimensional, comprehensive China.
”Good stories in China " database(www.chinastory.cn) hosted by Xinhua news agency and hosted by Xinhua news agency China search.
This is the September 27 shooting "the United States and the United States - - ’China good story' database on-line conference " scene.
On the same day,”tell a good Chinese story, spread a good Chinese voice "for the purpose of the outreach work of innovative, basic platform - -" China good story " database officially launched, to show the world the real, three-dimensional, comprehensive China.
Open the”good Chinese story " database,a long-standing ink fish scroll slowly unfold, for readers to open through time and space, the ancient treasure trove of Chinese stories.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional story of“fine loyalty to serve the country ” and “ Yu Gong moved the mountain”to the new era story of“I will be without me ” and “ never forget the beginning of the heart”, thousands of good Chinese stories become a vivid carrier of“Chinese spirit”, “ Chinese wisdom ” and “ Chinese strength”.
Story library brings together”1+4 " five categories of thematic stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the“first to explain the story of China”, “learning”plate to the story of Xi Jinping, Xi Jinping tells the story, Xi Jinping with the code of the story and the story of Xi Jinping like the characters as the main line, for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping story, understand the story behind the rule of the story of peace, development, cooperation and win-win cooperation with China unfolds in a fascinating and thought-provoking way, showing the era charm of China's story in all directions.
Reporters from today held in Beijing, "the United States and the United States - -' China good story 'database on-line conference" was informed that the”China good story " database opened a website and mobile phone client in English.
Website content is comprehensive, feature-rich, stylish design, full media to show wonderful stories.
Mobile client highlight artificial intelligence voice function, adapt to the trend of mobile communication, to provide users with carry-on "China good story" player.
In order to facilitate the use of the query, the database gives full play to the advantages of Chinese search intelligent search technology, providing time search, map search, people search, tag search and other forms of rich search function, convenient, easy to check and easy to use.
"China good story" database also built a special content open platform, has opened a“story number " for the SASAC and other more than 10 of the first settled units .
The authorities showed a strong crackdown
Twitter hashtags and social media are campaigning for Egyptians to take to the streets today to peacefully demand President Sessi's resignation.
But the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress it.
Since the then-military chief Sessi waged a military coup to seize power in 2013, dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest can be extremely dangerous.
The Guardian reports that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests over the weekend calling for Sisi to step down, according to the Egyptian Centre for economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo.
Thousands of people took to the streets on the 20th after allegations of corruption over the use of public money by Mr. Sisi and his family in pursuit of Vanity.
Egypt's Ministry of the Interior yesterday firmly said that any attempt to destabilize the country will be resolutely confronted, No Mercy.
Downtown Cairo is already heavily fortified,with riot police, security agency vehicles, and plainclothes police on the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of important scholars and social dignitaries on the 25th, including Cairo University professor of political science and prominent columnist Nafar.
He tweeted on the 24th: "I have no doubt that continuing to allow Sessi's absolute rule will cause disaster.”
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately. ”
Prior to his arrest, Hosni, a former spokesman for Egypt's military chief of staff, Anan, was detained.
An nan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
The president of the Constitutional Party, David, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians argue that at a time when the economic woes of the poor and the middle class are intensifying, the removal of dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Ayman Nour, the leader of the opposition and a former presidential candidate, said “ " the arrest underscores the regime's indifference to the Egyptian people and its own fear. ”
Because the economy has been messed up by him, and because of widespread political oppression, Sessi is trying to send a clear message to the important generals and politicians who might take their place. ”
Mr Noel points out that the government's use of high-pressure tactics will only increase the anger of the population, given the continuing deterioration of the socio-economic situation.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a former Egyptian military construction contractor, a businessman and actor now in exile in Spain, began uploading a series of films early in the month that benefited from government corruption and set off a wave of small demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said his company, Amrak general contracting, could get lucrative contracts without going through a legal tender process, emphasizing the corruption of the military and Sisi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply remorseful that he had been involved.
Mr. Ali claimed that the palatial palaces and luxury hotels he helped build were in stark contrast to the current abject poverty of Egyptians, who had not yet paid.
On Twitter, hashtags such as“stand up and you're not alone, ” “Ceci you're screwed, ” “Ceci has to roll, ” and “next Friday,”have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets calling for people to take to the streets peacefully and demand that Ceci step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor amavik Twitter has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted yesterday in Arabic saying, " Sessi is doomed ... he is doomed,and those who support him are going to make a big mistake now." ”
Hong Kong government launched a free special training programme to help recent economically affected employees overcome difficulties
The government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) announced on 27 July that it has launched a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK $ 4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong have few customers.
Due to the recent social strife in Hong Kong, visitors to Hong Kong have dropped significantly recently.
The secretary for Labour and welfare, Mr Law Chi-kwong, and the secretary for Commerce and economic development, Mr Yau Teng-Wah, met with the media on the appointment of the employees retraining board to carry out special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Mr Law said the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy were already imminent and should not wait until the situation was calm before work began.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched this project called " special?Free training program.
According to reports, in June 1, unemployed or asked by the employer to take unpaid leave and other people, as long as they meet the relevant requirements, will have the opportunity to participate in the program.
The most important part of the course is“vocational skills”training, covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering, as well as new“innovative technology”courses and cross-industry“general skills”courses.
Mr Yu pengchun, chairman of the employees retraining board, said that all courses are free of tuition and that the scheme is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants who have completed each full-time or part-time course and have reached 80% attendance rate will receive a special allowance of up to HK $ 4,000 per participant per month.
According to the report, the training course lasts 2 to 3 months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. the public can read it daily from 3 October to 31 March next year, with a maximum of 4 courses per person.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support tourism to help the industry overcome the difficulties.
These measures include the easing of appropriations to the Tourism Council,the grant of 6,000 tourist guides to renew their licences for courses, and the exemption of travel agents from annual fees.
Exercise tired and tired brain?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes showed that after high-intensity exercise, the brain can also show signs of fatigue.
The study, led by Matheus pesigrion, an expert at the hospital of pitier-Salpetriere in France, shows that there is an obvious link between mental and physical work: both require cognitive control of activity.
“ You need to control the autonomous processes that can force yourself to stop when there is pain in the muscles and joints, " explained pesigrion. ”
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of sport and physical education(INSEP).
The school experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which is an irrepressible feeling of fatigue after high-load exercise, inability to recover and a decline in performance.
INSEP asked the question: could part of the cause of this condition be neurological fatigue, the kind of neurological fatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Contemporary biology.
Recently, the Ministry of culture and tourism,the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China and specially planned exhibition finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "running horse", Qi Baishi's "million years of peace", li Keran's "Wanshan red everywhere layers of forest dye", Jin shangyi's "Tajik bride", Luo Zhongli's "father", Liu Wenxi's "four generations of ancestors and grandchildren" more than 480 fine works, collection of more than 20 important museums in China classic collection, almost all the classics since the founding of new China.
"Magnificent picture of the great history-celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China art exhibition”rich and multidimensional show the great history and magnificent achievements of the 70 years since the founding of new China, showing the Chinese people's tenacious struggle and unremitting spirit of great self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into one prologue and four chapters.
The exhibition is huge, Famous Masterpieces collection, exhibition exhibited more than 480 works, covering Chinese painting, oil painting,printmaking, sculpture, watercolor gouache, New Year paintings,posters and other art categories, to the National Art Museum of china collection of classic works, bringing together more than 20 important academic institutions, Museum of Fine Arts classic collections.
In addition, the Ministry of culture and Tourism organized the implementation of“national thematic art creation”has just completed more than 130 new works on real-world themes also show for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the National Art Museum of China for the first time to call the entire exhibition space, in addition to the museum's three floors of the exhibition hall is used in all, the outdoor courtyard space has also been created as a sculpture exhibition area, and through the exhibition design to form the internal and external exhibition pattern.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
The National Art Museum of China was suspended from September 28 to October 1, according to the unified arrangement for Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China.
On 27 September, World Tourism Day was celebrated with the theme of ” travel and work: building a better future for all“. MGTO organised a series of events, including the reception of lucky travellers and traditional pallet competitions, to celebrate with residents and visitors.
On the same day, a World Tourism Day gala dinner was organized to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. the secretary for social and Cultural Affairs, Mr Tam Chun-wing, participated in this global tourism event and actively promoted the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
The secretary for tourism, Ms Eva man and the deputy secretary for tourism, Ms Yiu-ming Hui, and other leaders and related supervisors visited Macau International Airport on the same day to present souvenirs to the lucky travellers of World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wipoosiri, a Thai traveller, became the lucky traveller of the year, saying that he came to Macau about four to five times a year, Macau is a suitable tourist destination for families, can enjoy the food of Macau on weekends and holidays as well as visit the city of Macau.
Macao Tourism mascot“Maimai”robot was also present to welcome visitors,the Tourist Information Desk under the MGTO also arranged for souvenirs to be given to visitors throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held in the afternoon of the same day, bringing together nearly 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao.
Some of the participants also wore special costumes to match the theme of the return.
Each participant carrying a bottle of”Macao beer "tray through the" historic city of Macao " Street, the fastest beer safely delivered to the terminal Senado Square, the process is exciting, along the way to attract a large number of tourists stop to take pictures and even cheer for the participants, to show the tourist charm of Macao.
The winner of the men's category was Warren Objejas Cabada of Sands Cotai Central, Macao; the winner of the women's category was Wujin IP of Best View Group; and the winner of the most special clothing award was huanming OU of Best View Group and Chih-Hong Choi of Golden Dragon Hotel.
On that evening, MGTO invited representatives of relevant departments, industry and media representatives to attend the World Tourism Day gala dinner.
Mr Tam said at the dinner that Macao's tourism industry has been developing rapidly in the past 20 years, but at present, in the face of changing external environmental factors, he encouraged the industry to innovate, build on the success achieved, adjust strategies and devise new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the promotion of the vigorous and sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
Under the theme of“celebrating the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region”, the gala dinner was accompanied by a performance by a Macao singer singing the original Hong Kong homecoming song“Lian Sheng family ” and a series of performances by six major travel companies to showcase the diverse tourism and leisure elements of Macao and the multi-talented side of the tourism industry.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September each year as World Tourism Day, with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, particularly its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central bank to carry out 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua news agency, Beijing, September 27 (reporter Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) the people's Bank of China on the 27th to the rate of tender carried out 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation.
Because the day has 40 billion yuan reverse repurchase maturity, the people's Bank of China reverse repurchase operation to achieve net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that the day to carry out 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation, the period of 14 days, the winning interest rate of 2.7 % .
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day period reverse repurchase operation.
The interest rate is 1.313% overnight, down 32.4 basis points compared to the previous trading day; the 7-Day interest rate is 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points compared to the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate is 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points compared to the previous trading day; the one-year interest rate is 3.048%,
Let Chinese citizens”go out " more at ease-visit Cui Aimin, head of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first Ministry of Foreign Affairs consular protection public welfare short film was launched.
Cui Aimin, director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua news agency that the film aims to further let the people feel the feelings and temperature of“diplomacy for the people”, so that Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will lend a helping hand, give help,
Overseas peace without small things, a leaf of the total relationship.
In the past 70 years, Cui Aimin said, the number of Chinese citizens“going out”has increased dramatically, from“less than a million per year”before the reform and opening up to more than one hundred million people a year now; at the same time, Chinese citizens travel overseas more secure, consular protection and assistance work Target has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the party, we have organized more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer Chinese citizens overseas, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
About 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens have been handled and coordinated.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home;it is no longer a dream to want to go on a“say Go trip”.
By the end of August, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders, according to Cui Aimin.
In addition, a growing number of countries have unilaterally granted visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to Chinese citizens.
42 countries and regions such as Thailand and Egypt unilaterally granted visas on arrival to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions such as Indonesia unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports to enter without visas.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, Chinese citizens are becoming more and more convenient to apply for visas and procedures are becoming more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had concluded agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
Including the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina to reach mutual tourism, business personnel issued a 10-year valid multiple visas, with the United Kingdom to reach each other for tourism, business, visiting staff issued a 2-year multiple visa arrangements.
The UK and Belgium jointly launched the "visa one-stop" service, France, Italy and Singapore to reduce the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours.
For business people who frequently go abroad, the APEC business travel card is a good choice for multi-entry and convenient customs clearance.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to get the Asia-Pacific surrounding 16 economies 5-year multiple visas, business personnel, especially private enterprise personnel“go out”of great significance.
At present, China ranks first among APEC economies in effective card Holdings.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate mutually beneficial bilateral visa agreements,promote more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens,make diplomatic achievements more translated into measures to benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously improve the‘gold content ’ of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, the city party secretary Cai Qi led the inspection during the National Day safety production and festival market supply.
He stressed, to improve the political position, strengthen the bottom line thinking, solid and meticulous work to ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China, so that the public had a happy and peaceful holiday.
Deputy secretary of the municipal Party Committee and Mayor Chen Jining checked together.
Tiananmen area power supply service center power supply area of nearly 7 square kilometers, the construction of intelligent inspection system, real-time monitoring and analysis of data, intelligent equipment operation and maintenance, assessment, security.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining carefully looked at the operation of power supply equipment and Production Safety, asked the important details of power supply security work, and went into the dispatching command Hall, combined with the large screen to listen to the festival during the safe power supply, gas supply work report.
Cai Qi expressed condolences to the front-line staff, stressed that to establish the bottom line thinking, do a good job of fire and other work, go to the scene, pay attention to the end of each point one by one to strengthen the investigation of security risks and equipment operation monitoring, to ensure that the power supply, gas supply absolutely safe.
Wangfujing department store, all kinds of goods dazzling, everywhere filled with festive atmosphere.
The peace fruit Bureau on the second floor of the basement, the walls of the green tile stone and brick, and the old shops of the photo studio, The Grand Theatre, the food store, the old book Bureau, etc., are full of the strong taste of Beijing.
Cai Qi, Chen Ji ningbian walking to see, listen to Wangfujing department store with Pedestrian Street upgrade upgrade business operations, market supply report, a detailed understanding of the holiday protection situation.
Walk into the "Red Star grain and oil shop", "dabei photo studio", etc., to understand the characteristics of Beijing commodity sales, along the way to ask visitors to experience the experience.
In Zhang binggui candy counter, Beijing model worker, Zhang binggui's son Zhang zhaohe inherited the“catch ” and “ a clear”skills, Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously carry forward the spirit of Model workers.
Cai Qi told, strengthen market monitoring, to ensure adequate and stable supply of the festival, strict food safety; shopping malls and other crowded places to do a good job of fire safety.
City leaders Cui Shu Qiang, Wang Hong, Zhang Jiaming to participate in the inspection.
Jiangxi:”line length " guard passenger line Operation Safety.
Reporters learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration, as of now, Jiangxi 11 districts and cities and 6 provinces of 1334 passenger lines have a "line length".
Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Authority responsible person, as part of the passenger transport enterprise safety management in formality, corporate safety main responsibility falls to reality, passenger vehicles overspeed, driver fatigue driving and other violations have occurred, the road passenger safety situation is more serious.
In order to further compaction of the main responsibility of road passenger safety production enterprises, to ensure the safety of passengers traveling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the“line length system " in 2017, 2018 began to gradually promote in the province.
At present, Jiangxi has 92 Road Passenger Transport enterprises to implement the " line length system”,“line length”management class 1334, covering the operation of 4824 buses.
According to reports, the "line length" generally designated by the road transport passenger companies as specialized personnel, specifically responsible for the management of the relevant line of people, cars, lines and other work, to ensure that the line responsible for the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment and other comprehensive control, to ensure the safety of the operation of the line.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the municipal services department will organize a special food safety public guided tour between October and December, with food safety education officers visiting the“20 years of food and agricultural products for Macao”and“Food Information
Jointly organized by the General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Services Department of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the“watch and help together-20 years of work to ensure the safety of mainland food and agricultural products for Macao ” exhibition is now being held at the food information kiosk on the first floor of the hawker building in Youhan, attracting many Macao people to visit.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, from October to December, every Wednesday at 3.30 p.m. (except public holidays), a food safety public guided tour will be held at the food information kiosk on the first floor of the in order to further focus on food safety, the government, the industry and the public will work together to maintain food safety in Macao.
The duration of each food safety guided tour is about 30 minutes. interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Centre of the marketing department, 1 / f, Youhan hawker building, 15 minutes before the start of the event.
For enquiries, please call food safety hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian province tax Bank Bank convenient comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched-中新网网
Fujian provincial tax Bank Bank convenient comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched.
Beijing, Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian provincial tax Bank silver convenience integrated tax payment platform on September 27 in Fuzhou, Fujian province officially launched.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the central branch of the people's Bank of China, Fuzhou, together with the state administration of taxation, Fujian provincial taxation bureau, China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a memorandum of cooperation between the three parties, the first in the country to build the Fujian provincial tax Bank to facilitate the people's comprehensive tax payment platform.
After nearly a year of construction, at present, the platform has been successfully launched.
Fuzhou central sub-branch of the people's Bank of China Treasury director Wang Dehui, the platform uphold the security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leading construction concept, front-end connection with the tax, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social services, providing mobile APP, WeChat public Number, tax Hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial services and other online and offline tax payment
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of Huimin convenience projects, which, urban and rural residents medical insurance payment project has been officially launched.
The project opened up 14 online and offline channels, providing services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian province, covering 76% of the resident population in Fujian province.
Online through the ” Fujian tax pass “ ”cloud flash pay " and the bank'S APP, WeChat public number and other ways to pay health insurance fees; offline to Fujian province within the tax Hall and Rural Inclusive Financial Services point by scanning the code, swiping the card, credit card and other ways to pay health insurance fees.
Fuzhou central sub-branch of the people's Bank of China Deputy Governor Shi Dong said, the success of the platform on-line, in the protection of government revenue direct deposit, data and information in real-time interaction at the same time, to provide safe and efficient, multi-channel, multi-mode convenient tax service for the public.
At present, the province's more than 16,000 inclusive financial services, has more than 9,000 opened the health insurance fee check function, to achieve rural residents "not enough out of the village" can feel at ease check health insurance fees, so that the public has more and more strong "get a sense”, "happiness" ” 
According to statistics, the platform urban and rural residents medical insurance fee check project pre-trial run 20 days,service users have reached 840,000 people, of which, online payment users up to 750,000 people, inclusive financial service point payment users nearly 20,000 people.
In addition, the state administration of taxation of Fujian Province, deputy director of taxation bureau Lin Guojing revealed at the event,the platform in the country's first application of blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
From next month, the payer after the completion of the payment, but also directly through the mobile phone to download the electronic payment certificate stamped.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built,and the“highway " to facilitate private tax payment will be further broadened.
The United States will deploy additional air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The United States Department of Defense announced on the 26th, due to Saudi oil facilities prior to the attack, the United States will increase the deployment of a set of“Patriot”air defense systems, 4 groups of“Sentinel”radar system and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement that day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of Saudi Arabia's key military targets and civilian infrastructure, and enhance the United States military presence in the region.
The statement also said that U.S. Defense Secretary Esper had simultaneously approved the inclusion of two sets of“Patriot”air defense systems and a“Thad”anti-missile system in the pre-deployment sequence.
Some US Defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the patriot and THAAD systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the United States claimed were attacking Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Rouhani said that Iran can help maintain the“security of the Persian Gulf”and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil vessels through the Strait of Hormuz, provided that all countries have equal rights.
He also stressed that regional security can be achieved only if US troops withdraw from the region.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two Saudi national oil company oil facilities and caused a fire.
The US accused Iran of the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Last year, the chairman called on employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Celius(603716.SH the announcement said that Wen Wei, the actual controller of the company and chairman of the board of directors, had completed the plan to increase the holdings by 1.0542 million shares of the company, accounting for 0.5139% of the total share capital of the company, with a total amount of RMB 2009.26 million (including stamp duty, Commission, interest and other transaction fees).
It is reported that prior to the implementation of the plan, Wen Wei directly holds 858,000 shares of celisi, accounting for 4.18% of the total share capital of the company, the controlling shareholder Tianjin ruimei scientific instrument Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as“Tianjin ruimei”) holds 82.1835 million shares, accounting for 40.06% of the total share capital of the company, Wen Wei
It is worth noting that this is not the first time Sellis offered a positive move.
Since September last year, in just a year, Celis has launched executive Holdings, chairman of the back-up type holdings initiative, repurchase shares, equity incentives and other measures.
On September 18 last year, Celis announced that the company Liu Wenhao seven plans to increase the holdings of executives have accumulated 394,300 shares of the company's shares (accounting for 0.1922% of the company's total share capital), the total amount of 70.229 million yuan, the increase in the plan has been implemented.
Shortly thereafter, Celis chairman and controller Wen Wei proposed a plan to increase employees ' holdings in the company's stock, and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The maximum limit of the total amount of the company's stock increase shall not exceed RMB 150 million. after the increase, the company's stock must be held continuously for more than 12 months, and the employee shall not be reduced, and the employee shall be in service at the time of compensation.
Reporters combed found that in the above-mentioned initiative employees Overweight period of celisi's stock price is 14.02 yuan, up to 16.44 yuan, to September 25 celisi closing price of 20.02 yuan, the maximum floating surplus of employees up to 42.80%, a minimum of 21.78 % .
On January 21 this year, Celis once again through the repurchase of shares of the company, the announcement said the total amount of funds to be used to repurchase shares of not less than 160 million yuan,not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the company released "celex 2019 Limited Stock Incentive Plan (draft)" announcement, and set a high performance unlock conditions.
The announcement shows that the equity incentive is based on the operating income in 2018,and the growth rate for the four fiscal years from 2019 to 2022 is not less than 30% 、 70 % 、 120 % 、 185 % 。
From the first half of the performance of Celis, the company maintained high growth and more than this year's 30% performance growth unlock conditions.
In the first half, operating income of 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50%; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies 56.2324 million yuan, an increase of 16.46 % .
Since the 2018 mid-year report, Celis five consecutive reporting periods, revenue growth of more than 38%, the highest growth rate of 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operations service(IVD), medical supplies intensive operations service(SPD)and Regional Inspection Center as a breakthrough, and based on the consolidation of the advantages of the original IVD business, the company upgraded the SPD business iteratively.
Sellis related sources told reporters, in order to comply with the current trend of health care reform, to achieve rapid expansion, Sellis three businesses are steadily advancing.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, celisi announced with Lingwu city people's hospital, Lingwu City Hospital of traditional Chinese medicine signed the "medical supplies intensive operation platform construction and daily operation management service cooperation agreement", the contract period of three years.
"In fact, celex is expanding SPD business, providing medical institutions with centralized procurement of medical supplies hospital, warehouse management, distribution and settlement and other fine operations services, to obtain long-term income. ”
Said the source.
On September 17, according to the Zhejiang government procurement network Zhejiang government procurement service information platform announcement, celisi won the bid for a“medical supplies (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project ” of Run Run Shaw hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the bid is very gold content, Run Run Shaw hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China through the International Hospital Accreditation (JCI), the smooth implementation of the project in the future, the hospital is also an important development opportunity.
According to its analysis, after celisi through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and Channel mergers and acquisitions, business territory basically finished the national provincial business area coverage.
Now winning run Run Shaw hospital in Zhejiang and the next city, should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals, enhance the competitiveness of the company in the East China market.
In addition, this year celisi also in industrial hemp, blockchain technology and other emerging areas of layout.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers to serve the National Day traffic travel.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilized volunteers in Beijing will be officially on duty from the 28th, providing volunteer service at various locations in Beijing, the service time will continue until October 8.
Previously, the leading group of Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China set up a dedicated volunteer command, and in the early stage, for colleges and universities, communities, enterprises, the community, recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers, volunteer services related to the celebration of the General Assembly, gala activities, large-scale
Among them, traffic civilization volunteers more than 78,000.
From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 volunteers from Beijing's 1700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations, including more than 300 major transportation hubs, conducted traffic guidance and traffic guidance.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British tanker "Steiner empire" was finally released, and on the morning of the 27th departure from the Iranian port of Abbas, for international waters.
In the middle of last month, authorities in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory, released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British”Steiner Empire " tanker departs from the port of Abbas, to the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
Iran & apos; s port and shipping organization in Hormuzgan province confirmed that the ship & apos; s commander and crew had made formal and written commitments and that they had no claims despite the arrest of the ship.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the”Steiner Empire " tanker, also said the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began moving on the 27th and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July.
A company spokesman said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker off Gibraltar, the IRGC detained the tanker, Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz waterway.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said all the legal procedures needed to release the Steiner Empire had been completed.
But Iran says the investigation is still ongoing.
Iranian media also released videos of the tanker's departure.
On July 19, the IRGC Navy detained a British tanker, the Steiner empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz, before taking it to the port of Abbas.
Iran was detained tanker "grace one" sailed out of the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on 4 July, the authorities of Gibraltar, the British overseas territory, seized the tanker grace I, loaded with Iranian crude oil, in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of grace one.
This afternoon, the province's undergraduate college theme Education Review rectification work conference was held in Changsha.
Ulan, deputy secretary of the provincial party committee stressed, to improve the political position, strengthen political responsibility, strictly from the real problem review and rectification, to promote the effectiveness of the theme of education in colleges and universities party building, ideological and political reform and development of the work of high-quality development.
Ulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved in the second batch of thematic education of undergraduate colleges and universities.
She pointed out that to carry out“do not forget the initial heart, remember the mission”theme Education is a major deployment of the party Central Committee, the undergraduate colleges and universities to in-depth study and implement General Secretary Xi Jinping on carrying out“do not forget the initial heart, remember the mission”theme Education important speech spirit.
From enhancing the“four consciousness", "two maintenance", practicing the initial mission of the political height, carefully complete the provisions of the theme of Education action, especially solid rectification check out the series of issues, the overall work of school reform and development, so that " two without error Two promotion ” .
Ulan stressed, to adhere to the blade inward, grasp the problem view, in accordance with the "four Control ""Four look for a look" requirements, standard table to identify problems, Open words to solicit teachers and students, parents and the community's views and suggestions, serious and serious deep analysis of the root causes, and then clear the direction and improvement measures, come up with
To adhere to the precise force, strengthen the real change, the "change" word throughout.
To do a good job in the theme of education and“Lide Shuren”and other work of the combination of articles, compaction rectification responsibility, to ensure that a problem does not fall, bottomed out, in order to rectify the effectiveness.
To adhere to both the symptoms and symptoms, improve the long-term mechanism, weave tightly tied system cage, strengthen the system rigid constraints, to ensure that the work rules to follow, rules to follow, the real use of the system to manage the right to manage people.
To adhere to the above rate, leading cadres take the lead in strengthening the theoretical Armed, take the lead in serious review of rectification, take the lead from time to time from the strict self-discipline, play a good“key minority”demonstration role, and strive to complete the task of rectification subject Education Review.
Hunan University and other 5 colleges and universities party committee responsible comrade, the provincial unit responsible comrade made a statement.
”One pass has been " two UHV project put into operation
26, the quasi east to Southern Anhui±1100 KV UHV HVDC Transmission Project, Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV Gil integrated pipe gallery project put into operation.
These two projects occupy the commanding heights of the current world transmission technology in their respective fields, put into operation will make China's large-scale optimization of energy allocation can be greatly improved.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the quasi-east to Southern Anhui project, is the world's largest power transmission capacity, transmission distance farthest transmission project.
Its operation is of great significance to promote the development of Xinjiang energy base and guarantee the power supply in East China.
GIL, i.e. gas-insulated metal-enclosed transmission lines.
Su Tong pipe gallery project, created the Gil project the world's highest voltage level, the strongest transmission capacity of the record, to achieve the highest voltage level of the backbone grid in East China 'AC Double Ring network' ring operation.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the quasi-east to Southern Anhui project transmission distance of up to 3324 km.
The use of conventional technology, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost on the way, and the project through research and development, so that the economic transport distance significantly increased to more than 3000 km.
After the quasi-east to Southern Anhui project put into operation, every 8 hours and 20 minutes to transport 100 million degrees of electrical energy, can help crack the existing new energy consumption in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, this line alone will reach 60-85 billion kWh of electricity per year, to meet more than half of the annual electricity consumption in Shanghai.
Sutong Gil integrated pipe Corridor project is the UHV AC Ring network across the Yangtze River Control Project.
The use of conventional overhead lines across the river, the need to establish two Super 450 meters in the Yangtze River giant tower, but also to build a Super Four football field size artificial island for each tower.
In this regard, the state grid bold innovation, developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology, through the tunnel from the underwater river, to avoid the impact on the Gold Channel.
Two projects to promote China's electrical equipment manufacturing capacity to achieve a new leap.
At present, the State Grid has built a“10 pay 11 straight”UHV project, as well as”4 Pay 3 straight " under construction.
Foreign exchange administration: the structure of China's foreign debt is continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt is enhanced
“ Overall, China's external debt structure has continued to optimize and its stability has increased. ”
State administration of foreign exchange spokesman, chief economist Wang Chunying said on the 27th, the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized security line, the overall risk of foreign debt can be controlled.
Wang Chun-ying was on the day of the foreign exchange bureau released the foreign debt data at the end of June 2019, answering questions from reporters made the above statement.
The data show that as of the end of June 2019, China's full-caliber (including foreign currency) foreign debt balance of $ 1998 billion, compared with the end of March 2019, an increase of $ 26.3 billion, an increase of 1.3%, mainly due to the growth of debt securities balance.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly middle-and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the proportion of medium-and long-term external debt increased by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, while the proportion of local currency external debt increased by 1 percentage point compared to the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said, with China's domestic RMB bonds in April 2019 was included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index, international investors to the Chinese bond market recognition degree further improved, continued to increase the domestic RMB bonds.
"China's balance of payments to maintain an overall balance, external debt risk can be controlled . ”
Reporter 27 learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences, at present, Yunnan grassland greedy armyworm has been effective prevention and control, did not cause a large area of the outbreak, prevention and control work achieved stage results.
In January, jiangcheng County, PU'er city, Yunnan province, was first discovered to move into the grassland from abroad, followed by 129 counties in Yunnan confirmed the occurrence of grassland from Yunnan to China gradually spread spread, a direct threat to China's food production.
Grassy armyworm is a native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas multi-Food long-range migratory important agricultural pests, is a major early warning of the food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations global migratory pests, with“international, migratory, explosive, destructive”characteristics. 草地 草地 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾，草地。蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 蛾 。 
The pests harm corn, sugar cane, sorghum and other more than 80 kinds of crops, feeding a large amount, can cause up to 70% yield loss.
Prevention is difficult, China has no registered pesticide control of the insect.
Since the migration of the grass-fed armyworm to invade Yunnan province, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences selected Chen aidong researcher, led the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences of agricultural cross-border pest cooperation green prevention and control province innovation team, went to the front line, Field Investigation, sample collection,and carry out technical guidance and test demonstration.
Chen aidong team has mastered the characteristics of the population, natural enemy Insect Resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, poison virulence and field control effect of Yunnan grassland.
They actively carry out research and application of green prevention and control technology, through the implementation of population monitoring, adult booby traps, scientific medicine and agronomic measures and other new green prevention and control technology, prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting the natural enemy resources and the ecological environment,
At present, Yunnan grassland greedy armyworm has been effective prevention and control, did not cause a large area of the outbreak, prevention and control work has made phased results.
Next, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of Population migration invasion outbreak, breakthrough biological control and green prevention and control technology system construction.
At the same time, actively promote cross-border International Cooperation, strive to establish a joint Key Laboratory and Joint Monitoring Network and demonstration area in the overseas, in order to enhance the full range of monitoring and early warning capabilities of Yunnan grassland avid armyworm.
According to the website of the people's Bank of China, the people's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of Panda Gold and silver commemorative coins at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins a total of 2, of which 1 gold commemorative coins, silver commemorative coins 1, are the legal tender of the people's Republic of China.
According to reports, the set of gold and silver coins are the front pattern of the Temple Of Heaven in Beijing, and published the country name, Year number and”China International Import fair " Chinese words.
8g round gold coins on the back of the pattern for the mother and child Panda figure, and published " 8g Au.999“, "China International Import fair" in English and denomination.
30g round silver commemorative coins on the back of the pattern for the mother and child Panda figure, and published " 30g Ag.999“, "China International Import fair" in English and denomination.
According to reports, 8 grams of circular gold commemorative coins for ordinary coins, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, denomination 100 yuan, 99.9% of the color, the maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
30 grams of round silver commemorative coins for ordinary coins, containing 30 grams of pure silver, diameter 40 mm, denomination 10 yuan, 99.9% of the color, the maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. casting, China gold coin Corporation general distribution.
White paper: China's development in line with national conditions
This is the default Welcome page used to test the proper operation of the Apache2 server after installation on Ubuntu systems.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made arduous efforts to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved remarkable development achievements.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development, relying on the“800 million shirts for a Boeing”spirit of hard work, several generations of Chi and endless, continue to struggle, to pay others unimaginable toil and sweat; relying on the“own burden to carry their own”spirit of responsibility, regardless of good or bad, do not export problems, do not pass on contradictions, do not develop their own through sum up lessons learned, learn from human civilization, dare to dare to try, out of a path of their own.
According to the White Paper, China is developing in the interaction with the world,and China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development.
China takes practical action to safeguard world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict and has not appropriated an inch of land in other countries.
According to the white paper, the fundamental reason for China's great success in the past 70 years is to find the right path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and to follow it unswervingly.
This is a way to establish the country in the light of its national conditions, to put the interests of the people first, to reform and innovate, to seek common development in the course of opening up, and to rule the country in accordance with the law in an all-round way.
Without a unified and strong leadership force, China will move towards Division and disintegration,bringing disaster to the world.
Over the past 70 years, China has overcome all kinds of risks and challenges and created one after another remarkable Chinese miracle, the white paper said.
In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has achieved historic achievements and undergone historic changes in its development. the Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap forward from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong, closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright prospects as the Times move forward.
45 countries and regions textile representatives jointly issued the declaration of the world cloth merchants.
On 27th in Shaoxing City, Zhejiang province, Keqiao district held the 2019 Second World cloth business conference, 45 countries and regions textile industry representatives jointly issued the world cloth business declaration .
The declaration pointed out that, facing the future, the relevant countries adhere to open collaboration, science and technology-driven, fashion leap, will work together to promote the development of high-quality textile industry in the world.
The world cloth business conference gathered 45 countries and regions of the textile industry on behalf of about 1200 people, around the World Economic pattern of the textile industry trends, to explore the sustainable development of the global textile industry and win-win cooperation road.
China Textile Industry Federation president sun ruizhe said that the current global industrial division of Labor pattern, trade pattern, innovation pattern in the profound adjustment, the textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation, responsibility of development,”science and technology, fashion, green " development concept deepening.
Standing in the global textile transformation and upgrading of the“crossroads", Sun ruizhe said, " industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, we need to actively participate in the global textile people, each director, benefit sharing." ”
At the meeting, 45 countries and regions on behalf of the textile industry jointly issued the declaration of the world cloth merchants, jointly elaborated the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
"World cloth business declaration" pointed out that the future, the relevant countries will adhere to open collaboration, and constantly promote industry and market interconnection, jointly enhance the level of development of the industrial chain; will adhere to science and technology-driven, and constantly strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, together to enhance the industrial base capacity; will gather fashion leap, give full play
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the declaration of the world cloth merchants helps countries to jointly enhance the level of development of the textile industry chain, to achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, for example, the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association has more than 130 high-end local clothing brands, designers are committed to the design of fashion, high-end clothing products, and Keqiao has a variety of fine fabrics, " through the cloth business conference, we also look forward to establishing contact with Keqiao excellent suppliers, seeking more opportunities for cooperation . ”
As the world cloth business conference venue, Keqiao has the world's largest textile market, is currently with its unique textile industry chain, and gradually build a new pattern of internal file upgrade, expand the opening up to the outside world, representing the image of Chinese textile at the forefront of the world.
Keqiao district secretary Shen Zhijiang said, Keqiao will take the cloth business conference as an opportunity to pioneer the attitude to promote the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced, win-win direction.
Reuters estimates that the RMB median price opened in the vicinity of 7.0883 yuan countercyclical impact of 460 points.
Reuters, according to China's foreign exchange trading center(CFETS)released the formation of the renminbi exchange rate mechanism estimates, the renminbi against the dollar on Friday is expected to open in the vicinity of 7.0883 yuan, a depreciation of about 154 points from the previous day.
The RMB closed at sight against the US dollar on the previous day at RMB7.1315, while the median price was RMB7. 0729.
According to the pricing mechanism, today's middle price changes, there are 586 points down to reflect the impact of market supply and demand, and another 27 points down to reflect the overnight basket exchange rate remained unchanged required points; there are 460 points up to reflect the "countercyclical factor" effect.
Reuters estimates the median price of the renminbi against the US dollar on the previous day was 7.0947 yuan, and the actual value of the foreign exchange trading center released a deviation of 218 points.
The index, the reference SDR(Special Drawing Right)basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
Tianjin Zhou Daifu, the tallest building in northern China, completed more than 100 national patents
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook financial center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai new area on the afternoon of 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high — precision BIM model, a building information model independently developed by the project Department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook financial center, which won the global
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook financial center is located in Tianjin Economic and technological development zone, with a total construction area of 390,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above ground, building height of 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments, Super five-star hotels, etc., after completion will become an important part of Tianjin International Landmark complex.
Tianjin Zhou dafu finance center project department responsible person, the whole project with more than 70,000 tons of Steel, High-Altitude Group of Weld about 376,000 meters equivalent to 42.5 bead Mulama peak height, the use of wire around the earth 40 laps, the number of steel components up to 42,000, more than 50% of non-standard components, including
Tianjin Zhou Daifu project steel structure complexity and processing difficulty is unprecedented.
Insiders said, Tianjin Zhou Tai Fook financial center, in the country has built or under construction of skyscrapers, the first full implementation of building information model(BIM)management.
Creatively put forward and successfully implemented the full participation, full professional application, the whole process of implementation of the“three full BIM application”model, developed a high-precision BIM model based on collaborative management platform.
The official said, in the construction process of Chow Tai Fook, the project Department first in the virtual world BIM construction, scientific and correct verification and then physical construction, which will be in the past construction may produce demolition, rework problems eliminated in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation of Chow Tai Fook financial center project was awarded the first prize in the construction group of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award at the global AU master meeting and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence award ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project Department has created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that Tianjin Zhou dafu project BIM innovation and technological innovation to promote, not only to make complex, wide range of construction links all achieved a success, the construction period was shortened by more than four months, but also led to a substantial increase in safety management and other aspects.
Recently, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook financial center project was awarded the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Old-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong joint patrol law enforcement was completed.
Reporter 27 from the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau News office was informed that at 15: 30 on the same day, participate in the 86th China-Myanmar-Thailand joint patrol law enforcement of the Mekong River China 3 law enforcement boats and Laos 2 law enforcement boats successfully berthed China Guan Lei port, marking the successful end of the joint patrol law enforcement operations.
The action was launched in Guan Lei port on the 24th, which lasted 4 days and 3 nights.
During the operation, the formation in the Golden Triangle, Lao ban Xiangfu, Meng Mo and other key waters to carry out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities.
In addition, China has sent a team of police practical combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border companies of the Lao People's army to exchange skills in police practical combat, effectively enhancing the ability of law enforcement personnel from both sides to respond to emergencies jointly.
The four countries of China, the old, Myanmar and Thailand also held law enforcement cooperation and Exchange meetings in Chiang Saen, Thailand, where they informed each other about recent developments in border management, drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin.they held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation,and reached a consensus.
Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department Water Patrol Corps responsible person, after the end of the operation, the old and Chinese sides will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and joint inspection tasks, improve the Mekong River Police rate, to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
The commander of the Thai side said that since the start of the joint patrol law enforcement on the Mekong River, the four countries of China, the old Myanmar and Thailand have made close contacts, deepened practical cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
We hope that law enforcement cooperation between the four parties will continue to deepen and expand, and that efforts will be made to open up a new situation for law enforcement cooperation between the four countries and make new contributions to the maintenance of security and stability in the Mekong River Basin.
Iran's Defense Minister, Amir Khatami, said on the 25th that he opposed any agreement with the west on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran news agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's“missile power”would undermine Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders are all in favour of improving the missile program.
Iran and the six countries reached an agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015,and the United States withdrew from the agreement last May and renewed and strengthened sanctions on Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement with the United States to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders use the United Nations General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly on the 23rd.
The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after the meeting urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss Iran's nuclear agreement "minor changes, additions or amendments", provided that the United States lifted sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival president Zhang Ziyi
Chinese newspaper-directed by Professor Wang Rui of Beijing Film Academy Film "under the clouds", as the only Chinese film, finalist in October 28 opening of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival main competition unit, it will compete with the other 13 finalists in the Tokyo International Film Festival's highest award-Golden Kirin award.
"Under the White Clouds" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "peach and Li full of the world", which tells the story of a pair of ordinary Mongolian herdsmen couple, some kind of life dilemma arising from the different pursuit of Life, starring Mongolian actors Jiri Mutu, Tana.
It is reported that "under the white clouds" held two global premiere activities during the festival, release dates were October 31st and November 3rd.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held in Roppongi, Hibiya and other venues in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5.on the afternoon of September 26, the film festival organizing committee held a press conference to officially announce the main competition unit for the Golden Kirin award, “ Asian Future”Unit, “ Special Entertainment works”, Japanese Cinema Splash, "World focus" and
The director of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese film "under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi is the international jury chairman of the main competition unit of the film festival.
"Asia Future" Unit has 3 Chinese films
The Tokyo International Film Festival is second only to the“future of Asia”section of the main competition, with only eight shortlisted films, six fewer than the main competition, but three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong.
The two Hong Kong films are "baby revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Mai passers-by" directed by Wong Hing-hoon, starring actor Kwok Fu-shing and Miriam Yeung, and "Summer Night Knight" directed by you Hing.
In addition, the Sino — Japanese action — adventure film, "Ice Storm", directed by Yu Fei and starring gongji, Zhang Jingchu and Lin baihong, will also be released at the festival as a“special entertainment work”.
Film festival spokesperson,”goddess " Alice Hirose, due to the absence of a press conference, made a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Hiroyuki Ando, the director of the film festival, Masaru Hisamatsu, and the director of the selected films of each unit, made speeches and introduced the objectives of the film festival and the films released.
As special guests of the press conference, director Yoji Yamada, the 50th film in the “injiro”series, "The Story of injiro: Welcome Back", Japanese film directors Makoto Tezuka ("balopola"), Adachi Shin ("comedy wife story"), and famous playwright and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to tell about the experience of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The main competition unit of the international jury lineup consists of 5 people, the jury is chaired by China's Zhang Ziyi, the other 4 people are American producer Bill * Gerber, French actor and producer Julie * Gaya, Danish director Michael * Noel, Japanese director Hiroki Ryuichi.
In addition, TIFFCOM (international Imaging Market), held in parallel with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held at Ikebukuro Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24,this year will have a record 401 groups exhibition booth, especially from China to 90 exhibition units, compared with 14 last year, a surge of 6.4 times.
For this reason, TIFFCOM will hold a number of seminars and seminars on October 22, the opening day, as“CHINA DAY”, and invite Japanese director Hiroshi Ishii to participate in related activities, the evening of the welcome dinner is also co-sponsored by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project started
Xinhua news agency Chengdu September 27 (reporter Li Qianwei) rich Panda cultural theme tourism routes, Panda Base in the future can accommodate 180 pandas ."Panda planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project 25 officially started in Chengdu, which means that Chengdu planning to build the "Panda Capital" Project officially started.
According to the plan, Chengdu to create the "panda capital" by the North Lake area, Dujiangyan area and Longquan mountain area of three regions, an area of 69 square kilometers.
The planning will combine the ecological and cultural value of the giant panda with the construction of a beautiful and livable Park City in Chengdu to create an ecological home for the giant panda.
"Panda planet" belongs to beihu area, covers an area of 35 square kilometers, combined with industrial planning, will form a”1+N + X " regional spatial structure.
One core attraction is the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base reconstruction and expansion project; n cultural tourism consumption scene to create, namely Panda town, Happy Garden, dream garden, etc.; X regional basic facilities.
Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base after the expansion, the scale will reach 3525 acres, the overall positioning as a world-class Giant Panda Protection demonstration, people and animals to share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 pandas and their companion animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
In recent days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from all over the world have congratulated new China on its 70th anniversary and highly praised its development achievements and its significance to global development, according to the news and newspaper digest, a report by The Voice of China, the central radio and television station.
In an exclusive interview with CNTV, Malian President Keita said that he had visited China many times and that China's development achievements over the past 70 years have been phenomenal and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly,but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the peoples of the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the Great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and wishes to China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: Happy Birthday to the people's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago(25), ambassadors from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China in Beijing to visit the " great history of brilliant achievements-to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China large-scale Achievement Exhibition”.
Russia's ambassador to China Denisov said: personally see the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with today and more than 40 years ago, too much progress.
In addition, our embassies and consulates in many countries have held a variety of local events in recent days to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China with local friends.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced the launch of the pilot operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned“level 4”fully autonomous taxi fleet, on selected roads in Changsha, Hunan province.
Self-driving start-up Ma Zhixing also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou City, Guangdong province.
Pilot operations of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded throughout the country.
Since the 26th, Baidu use 45 autonomous taxi pilot operation, Changsha City passengers can apply for a ride through a dedicated website.
The driver's seat has a“safety guard " to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road offering trial operation is 50 km by the end of 2019 and is planned to extend to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
It is equipped with a system developed by the Apollo program, which was established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program, there are more than 150 companies including Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford, Intel, Microsoft and Nvidia.
Around China's autonomous taxi, Didi Travel, China's largest online taxi service, announced plans to launch 30 autonomous taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai this year.
Competition for autonomous driving development in China may become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars say:”uncertain times " Taiwanese businesses need to keep up with the mainland to develop mainstream industries
"2019 Taiwan business innovation business model forum" was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
A number of Taiwanese business representatives and scholars were invited to share their experiences on corporate transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was organized by the Taipei Institute of management and co-organized by qunyi Jinding Securities and outstanding Taiwanese business association.
The two-day conference was divided into transformation and upgrading mode, business strategy and other seminars have been held, more than 100 people attended.
Chen mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Management, said that China(mainland China)US trade friction continues, Taiwanese companies face“uncertain times. ” 
He believes that Taiwanese businesses need to keep pace with the Times and keep up with the mainstream industries in mainland China,with particular attention to innovative products related to science and Technology, Culture, Tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese companies valued quality, effectiveness and delivery. ”
Chen mingzhang believes that the Taiwanese only the above conditions in the present is not enough.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, accelerate the speed of the supply chain, pay attention to the extension of services and life products and services.
In addition, the”value-added services " is also a new area of Taiwanese businesses can vigorously develop.
Taiwanese representative speech session, from Guangdong Taiwan Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd. Chairman Xu wentang said, Yayi Electronics had due to the sharp decline in orders led to operational difficulties, the group from the restructuring, asset activation and other aspects to improve business conditions.
It took three years for the company to achieve revenue.
Sun god (Zhuhai)Electronics Co., Ltd. general manager Bai Hongzhang said, if the development of new customers difficult, as focus on the original customers to provide“one-stop " service.
Customers replace the supplier is nothing more than poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, less variety, integrity problems six factors, as long as the solution of these six points, coupled with the timely transformation of production lines, expand product categories, enterprises will become customers can not replace the supplier.
On 27th, the“2019 outstanding mainland Taiwanese business award”, also organized by the Taipei Institute of management and management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Earth company, which operates in Shanghai, was awarded the "outstanding Taiwanese and cross-strait contribution award".
New regulations for comments: social capital to obtain rural land management rights need to be qualified
Social capital to obtain rural land management rights need to be qualified
"Measures for the management of the transfer of rural land management rights" for public comments proposed to regulate the transfer of industrial and commercial enterprises and other social capital to obtain land management rights
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas website published on the "rural land management rights transfer management measures(revised draft draft for comments)" (hereinafter referred to as the "draft") for public comment notice, increased the industrial and commercial enterprises and other social capital transfer to obtain the right to land management supervision and risk prevention.
The draft is now open to the public for comments.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas, in order to implement the newly revised law on rural land contracting, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the“three-power separation”system, the Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas revised the measures for the management of the transfer of rural land contracting and management rights, and formed the draft opinion.
Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that the first release of the "draft" has a number of important changes.
The newly amended law on rural land contracting clearly defines the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of“separation of the three rights”. the special section sets up“land contracting and management rights”and“land management rights ” respectively, making a clear distinction between the transfer and exchange of land contracting and management rights and the transfer of land management rights(leasing, sub-contracting, shareholding or other means).
In this draft, in order to implement the concept of“three power distribution”and effectively respond to the gist of the amendment to the rural land contracting law, and taking into account the large differences in the parties, procedures and supervision of the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land management rights, the revised draft defines the scope of the transfer, focusing on the transfer of land management rights, including leasing, equity participation, etc., and changes the name of the regulations from the "measures for the transfer of rural land management rights "to the" measures for the transfer of rural land management rights".
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be regulated by separate administrative measures.
"Draft" pointed out that in the“three power distribution”background, farmers only a certain period of time to invest in land management rights.
In theory,even if the bankruptcy liquidation occurs, the farmers only risk losing the right to operate for a certain period of time, so the provision of contract land returned to the original contractor is no longer legally necessary, and there is a conflict with the bankruptcy law.
In view of the problem of preventing the risk of land loss of farmers, the methods of Preferred Stock, rent-before-share and repurchase have been developed in practice.
Considering that the preferred stock has a more mature theoretical discussion on the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of loss of ownership.
