State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary district of southern Jiangxi.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme of "never forget your first heart and remember your mission", the Central Military and Military Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research campaign on "state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entering the old revolutionary district of southern Jiangxi" to relive the revolutionary history, trace the red footprint, pass on the red gene, carry out the demand interface between relevant enterprises and Ganzhou City, and accelerate the development of the old revolutionary district.
Jin Zhuanglong, Deputy Director of the Central Military and Military Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Vice Minister of the Central United War Department, Party Secretary and Vice President of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee, participated in the investigation.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include eight military industrial conglomerates such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 private state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Institute of Rare Earth Metal Materials, and 15 dominant private enterprises such as Jianxiang Group.
In the meantime, researchers visited the memorial park at the origin of the Long March of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult course of the Long March period of the Red Army, investigated seven enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou City on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed a contract on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd. spoke on behalf of Military Industry Group Corporation, Minkou state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises respectively, saying that they will continue to strengthen the demand interface between state-owned enterprises, dominant private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, help transform and upgrade the industry, and promote high-quality development of the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have gained a better understanding of the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas in southern Jiangxi, clarified the key tasks for the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, strengthened the belief that state-owned and private enterprises serve the people and start their own businesses, and played an important role in promoting quality change, efficiency change and dynamic change in the former Central Soviet area of southern Jiangxi.
Beijing market supervision authorities carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival. Commodity prices are basically stable.
Cnn Beijing, September 27 (Reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority inspected more than 2,000 business entities of various types on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of basic necessities such as grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and custard sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations of the law were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
Today, reporters learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority that the Bureau has launched a "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" throughout the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce, and all aspects of law enforcement inspection in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively regulate the order of market operations.
According to the introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, worked closely together, and were led by the heads of various law enforcement agencies to conduct joint law enforcement inspections of some of the randomly selected business entities in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety systems, etc.
The district market supervision bureaus also simultaneously organized and conducted joint law enforcement inspections. A total of more than 1,600 law enforcement officers were deployed to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business entities. The inspection showed that the supply of basic necessities such as grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and custard sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority said that during the National Day, it will strengthen emergency duty, carry out continuous inspection and inspection of the market, promptly deal with all kinds of market supervision issues in accordance with the law, and, once verified, seriously deal with the illegal business practices reported by the people in accordance with the law, and earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Contest of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences was unveiled.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Contest on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was unveiled and an award ceremony was held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on the 26th.
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian China Council and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented the award to the winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted two months. The participants were Cambodian school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and university students (including social workers).
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificate to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the University Group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the Primary and Secondary School Group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted according to the university group and primary and secondary school groups. Senior Cambodian Chinese language experts were invited to form a judging panel. Through the initial evaluation, review and final evaluation, one first prize, two second prize, three third prize, 10 outstanding prize, one first prize, five second prize, 10 outstanding prize, and 20 outstanding prize in the primary and secondary school group.
Lin Wei Cai, the first prize winner of the University Group, said that he has been studying Chinese for 15 years and has had a great impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, we use words to describe the welfare brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. We hope that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
Photo Guests and award-winning contestants.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express her feelings about "China in the heart" and win the prize through the language of her ancestral home country. She had different excitement.
Organisers said that the contest not only created a positive atmosphere in China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th, stating that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report states that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use first-generation IR-1 centrifuges to refine uranium.
Other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Kyodo News, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Maoki held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in New York, where he visited the United States. He confirmed that he would push forward the conclusion of negotiations on a peace treaty covering the four northern islands (disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "four northern islands" and the "South Kuril Islands").
This was the first time that Maoki held consultations with Russia as the head of the negotiations for the conclusion of a peace treaty after assuming the post of Foreign Minister.
Maoki told the Russian side that "including promoting common economic activities (in the four northern islands), we hope to carry out practical consultations".
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not hold detailed discussions on territorial issues.
At the Japan-Russia summit meeting in December 2018, the policy of accelerating negotiations between the foreign ministers of the two countries as leaders was confirmed.
At the meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Maoki said that he looked forward to the pilot tourism business scheduled to be implemented in October. "We hope that it will be successfully implemented and lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the meeting of foreign ministers of the Group of Twenty (G20) held in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa news: The Parliament of the South Pacific island nation of Tonga elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga on the 27th, replacing the former Prime Minister, Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the MATANGI website, the main Tongan media outlet, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote of the same day, Tuionetoa received 23 votes in support, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of powers between the executive, the legislature and the judiciary.
Tuionetoa is also required to accept the appointment of the King.
The next Tongan parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend its World Cup title ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by their opponents after winning two games in a row, and finally beat the Netherlands by 3: 1, ushering in nine consecutive victories.
The World Cup fixture is drawing to a close. Although defending the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team should not be taken lightly in the face of the Serbian team.
In the first two sets of the match against the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever, starting with two cities at 25: 19 and 25: 16, respectively, until the third set, when the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team stepped up the aggression of their serve when they were behind. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. In addition, the girls were eager to attack, and their mistakes began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back to the city by their opponents at 21: 25.
Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview after the match: "In the third set, we sent about eight points because of a mistake."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the match. Although one game was lost, everything was still under Lang Ping's control. "It is normal to win or lose a match with a strong team, and it is normal to play five games, so we said to the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth game, the players actively adjusted their status. Zhang Changning opened fire on the offensive end and scored eight points in a single game, making a great contribution to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11 rounds of the competition. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound a wake-up call for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against the Dutch team: The more critical the moment, the more we must do our best.
In another match on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams completed five sets, and the United States team failed to take all three points from their opponents. As a result, the Chinese women's volleyball team can defend its title one round ahead of schedule if it takes all three points against Serbia.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all six major players of the Serbian team are absent, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
In terms of the current form of the table, the Serbian team has largely failed to win a medal, which means that they can "lighten up" against the Chinese women's volleyball team and let go of the burden to attack their opponents. The Chinese team is under pressure to win the title, and their form may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a lamb. In the previous battle with the Dutch team, the two sides fought five games. The Serbian team finally reversed the Dutch team's entire main team at 3: 2, which shows the depth of its lineup.
Before the start of the third stage of the competition, Lang Ping also said that both the Dutch and Serbian teams would not be able to deal with it. "The Osaka game will be very difficult. We must, as always, prepare carefully."
Now that the trumpet of defending the title has been sounded, the competition has really entered the "white-hot phase".
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the competition. It is only the last critical moment. It also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves freely on the field.
The University of Macau held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" today (27), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, who are engaged in the field of "external stem cell" research, to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
Ge Wei, Vice President (Research) of ANU, said that stem cell research has medical value and is one of the key research projects of ANU. This seminar will help promote research and development in the field of stem cells in Macau.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west bank of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, ANU is committed to building a talent training base and a science and technology innovation center on the west bank of the Greater Bay Area, and contributing to the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macau.
Deng Chuxia, Dean of the School of Health Sciences at ANU, said that in recent years, ANU has continued to strengthen innovation and transformation in scientific research. The number and quality of papers have also improved significantly. Anu has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of the School of Primate Transformation at Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture systems to study monkey and human embryos in vitro. Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cell of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained the spatial and temporal changes of cell lineage and tissue after implantation of mouse embryos at the single cell and molecular level.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the School of Health Sciences of ANU, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Greater China Institute of Medicine of Australia, also introduced their newly published important results.
The "2nd Macau Stem Cell Symposium" was hosted by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-sponsored by the Chinese Medicine Research Institute of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology, and attended by Chen Qu'an, Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund.
There were 11 academic reports at the seminar, including embryonic development and tissue generation, translational medicine, mechanism research and translational applications of stem cells, biomaterials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm, and participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony for the award of the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held in a grand manner.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the ceremony for awarding the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10: 00 am on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State and President of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Order of the Republic", the "Order of Friendship" and the National Medal of Honor to the recipients of the National Medal and the National Medal of Honor, respectively, and deliver an important speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the ceremony for awarding the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10: 00 am on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic".
The "Order of the Republic" is dominated by red and gold. The chapter features elements such as the national emblem, pentagram, Yellow River, Yangtze River, peaks and peonies. The chapter chain uses elements such as Chinese knot, Ruyi and orchids. It uses cold-pressed molding, filament mosaics and enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the recipients of the Order to the construction and development of the Republic.
This is the "Order of Friendship".
The "Friendship Medal" is dominated by gold and blue colors. The chapter features elements such as dove, earth, handshake and lotus flower. The chapter chain uses elements such as Chinese knot, evergreen, peony, jade, orchids, etc., and is handcrafted using traditional techniques such as filament inlay and silk enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the friendship between the Chinese people and the people of all countries.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Honorary Medal is dominated by red and gold. The chapter features elements such as five stars, Tiananmen Gate, peonies, flags and light. The chapter chain uses elements such as Chinese knots and flowers. It uses cold-pressed molding, filament mosaics and enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the significant contributions made by the recipients of the National Honorary Medal in various fields, demonstrates the leading role, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups in striving to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The ceremony will be broadcast live on the Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhuanet, and will be broadcast simultaneously on key central news websites such as People's Network, CCTV Network and China Net, as well as on new media platforms such as People's Daily clients, Xinhua clients and CCTV news clients.
In a speech at the US Military Academy at West Point, Stoltenberg said: "For 70 years, the containment and defense measures adopted by NATO have been based on maintaining technological superiority."
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said: "The competition we encounter is becoming more and more intense.
Therefore, we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
He said: "Some new technologies have not been developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that the future security of NATO "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, "Take me to see a boat ticket" was held at Tangzi Chau Tau, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Tangzhou Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event boarded the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a mutilated person who rarely leaves the house because his feet are immobile.
He said: "For the first time today, I took a cruise to enjoy the grandeur of the Xiangjiang River up close and feel the pulse of Changsha's development. I am very excited and unforgettable."
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Center and the Blue Sky Rescue Team in Changsha provided nuanced services to the disabled.
In particular, for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on and off the cruise.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development. Care for and assistance to persons with disabilities and care for and support for the cause of persons with disabilities have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The 70th anniversary of the Republic will be celebrated, and the spotlights of various media outlets will shine brightly, sparkling many images that we do not normally remember - they are the ones who bring heat and light to our shining days...
However, if a hero walks around, he also seems to be as ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping, who has devoted himself to rice research, has cultivated a good seed all over the world, so that more than a billion Chinese people are no longer in danger of being hungry and discouraged. This Weng is usually like an old farmer who likes to wander in the fields. Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who has worked hard to make China's "heavenly eyes" open, and has only done one thing in the deep mountains of Guizhou.
They, seeking benevolence and benevolence, live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they immerse themselves in a cause that is puzzled by outsiders, they will easily be happy. They do not care about fame, wealth and prosperity.
As in Jin Yong's novels, the monk who swept the floor of the Tibetan Classic Pavilion at the Shaolin Temple, although he was shocked by the world's martial arts, did not boast, did not rejoice, did not feel sad.
Every "scavenger", every bare-hearted person, has a family responsibility behind him.
The responsibility of the home country is not only carried on the shoulders of heroes, but also held in the hands of hundreds of millions of Chinese.
Once, a female middle school student said, "When a hero passes by, someone must sit on the side of the road and clap... I do not want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting on the side of the road and clapping."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and giving a hero a round of applause.
People who clap on the side of the road are also transmitting heat and light, and are themselves luminescent bodies.
Ordinary as you are like me, there are always some opportunities in life. There are some moments, there is a kind of accumulation, and it is also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an outstanding judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform. However, at the annual meeting, the old master of the reception room took the stage to tell his story. He sent and received numerous newspaper letters a year. He never made a mistake. "To do simple things well is not simple". Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the old "scavenger" type.
This is the empathy between heroes. It is a hero who applauds another hero.
The scavengers have the Shaolin Temple Tibetan Classic Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nan Rendong has "SkyEye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit... To be a hero, we must not only rely on our own efforts, but also have a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China's SkyEye" now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese scientific and technological community was still struggling to climb the slope, and the novelist Liu Cixin has yet to write "Three Bodies".
At that time, the best "eye" was Arecibo, a single-sided radio telescope in the valley of the United States island of Puerto Rico, with a diameter of 350 meters, which was considered to be the most "unsurpassable" in the world.
At that time, Chinese radio telescopes were less than one-tenth the diameter of others.
Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salaries in Japan, insisted on returning home and bringing back an almost crazy idea: To build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China and receive more messages from outer space!
China has nothing to do with it. Invest a lot of money to play with the stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "SkyEye" project was launched.
It took 12 years for the site to be located, and nine years for the project to be completed.
With the opening of the 500-metre-caliber "SkyEye", China has made a "great scientific project unique to the world" that has no precedent to follow.
Therefore, the "SkyEye" is remarkable, the Nan Ren East is remarkable, and the Republic, which has a great tolerance and a high outlook, is remarkable.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nan Ren Dongfang has the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
There are young talents and white-haired heroes who walk by gracefully, and people who clap gently on the side of the road. Such a country is beautiful and harmonious.
Waste Classification Education First Into Jilin Kindergarten Environmental Protection Concept Grabs From the Doll
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched an education course on waste classification, teaching young children to distinguish recyclable waste from other types of waste.
It is understood that this is the first time that garbage sorting has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level in Jilin Province".
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot project for the compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
The city of Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this event, we will realize the effect of using young children to drive families and kindergartens to drive society, and promote the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, Executive Director of Hi Fan Er International Kindergarten, who held the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the garden read out the environmental protection proposal, hoping that garbage sorting will start with children.
After performing the "Low Carbon Bei Bei" dance, the children started a small garbage sorting game in groups.
Instructors also issued "recyclable" "other garbage" labels, advising children to stick the labels to garbage cans and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low carbon and green environmental protection, and has regularly opened environmental protection lecture halls.
A classifiable garbage can has also been set up at the garbage disposal office in the garden. The type of disposal is indicated on it.
The teacher taught the children what recyclable waste is a goose photo.
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of municipal domestic waste generated in Jilin Province in 2018 was about 54.652 million tons, all of which went into domestic waste disposal sites for disposal.
Of these, 3.2929 million tons were disposed of in sanitary landfills, 2.0923 million tons were incinerated, and 80.1 million tons were treated by a comprehensive utilization process.
After years of hard work, all cities and counties in the province have the capacity to treat domestic waste harmlessly.
In the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level in Jilin Province", which has been issued, it is explicitly requested to carry out further activities such as sorting garbage into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and strengthen the interaction between students and parents by creating works such as garbage sorting songs, ballads, comics and microvideos, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and cultivating a new generation".
Mazda's data released on September 27 showed that global sales in August amounted to 110,015 vehicles.
Sales in China fell by 21% due to the impact of insufficient investment in new models and reduced price reductions.
Japan's domestic sales fell by 6%, and demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decline.
Sales of the "CX-4", the main SUV dedicated to China, decreased by 14%.
A long time has passed since the launch of "CX-4" in 2016, and the effect of new vehicles has declined.
As a result of the strategy of raising brand value from a long-term perspective and reducing price reduction, it is also known to have a great impact on sales volume.
Mazda's sales in the United States rose 7% year-on-year to 27,482 vehicles, up 14 months later.
In August, sellers' business days were one day higher than the previous year. Together with "enhanced publicity and other promotional activities" (Mazda), sales of SUVs such as "CX-5" increased.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said that the emergency rush before the tax increase "did not reach the level of the last (2014)".
Sales of small cars such as "Demio (Demio)" decreased.
Chirac's death has a long political legacy.
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac passed away at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of unprecedented changes in a century, the many political legacies left by the French statesman when he was in power are still worthy of our praise.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years in a charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Charles de Gaulle, but also firmly supported European integration. He was a representative of the pursuit of the "European Dream".
At the same time, he also strongly advocated world multipolarity and multilateralism, and was a statesman with a strategic vision.
That is why the French media rated him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's relatable political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined hands with Germany to resist American pressure and be at the forefront of the anti-war effort.
A year after the outbreak of the war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to an intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was quite correct.
At a time when European integration is at a loss and the unilateralism of the United States is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choice on international politics and global affairs will undoubtedly have a strong enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and cordial.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of China-France relations. After being elected President of France for the first time in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of China-France relations with the strategic vision of a statesman.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a completely new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France grew rapidly, and the cooperation between the two countries in various fields, including aviation, nuclear energy and railway transportation, made groundbreaking progress.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac created a completely new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"Not looking at the pyramids is not really going to Egypt, not looking at the Terracotta Warriors is not really going to China" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
Chirac once told Xinhua News Agency in an exclusive interview: "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth, and China's political position in the world.
But I myself have confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development, and shoulder its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that China's revival will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Si people have gone, but Chirac's political legacy and enlightenment to the world will last forever.
The "7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference", with the theme of "Gathering Light Valley and Enjoying the Future", was unveiled in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly a thousand experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the AI era.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF) and jointly hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Five guest reports and 188 forum reports were organized, and 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums were set up to exchange and discuss research results on big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology, respectively.
With the aim of strengthening contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, and promoting multidisciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry, the CCF Big Data Academic Conference has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, focusing on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has expanded to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
Members of the establishment of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region jointly opposed the US-Hong Kong Bill.
Some members of the establishment of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committee of both houses of the US Congress.
The statement, signed by 40 members of the establishment, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, entering into and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements with different countries and regions of the world in the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with different countries and regions, and participated in cooperation in a wide range of related fields.
The statement said that the move by the Foreign Affairs Committee of both houses of the United States Congress to pass the relevant bill was unnecessary, but only in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and gaining political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the establishment expressed deep regret at the move by the United States Congress and strongly opposed it.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment, and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, it will not only attack the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, but will also make Sino-US relations worse, without any benefit and at the expense of others.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems", continue to enjoy the rights conferred by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
In the past, present and future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international trade.
According to the European Times on the 26th, both houses of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time must strive to "properly accept".
According to the report, Macron is trying to find a compromise on immigration matters and mitigate the impact of the upcoming debate.
In a recent interview during the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, Macron expressed the hope that there would be a genuine "two-pronged" approach to immigration policy, and that a balance would be found between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Macron said: "If France wants to be able to properly accept (immigrants), it will not be able to accept everyone".
Macron listed four key points of immigration policy: To grant asylum status to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of migrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all migrants who enter French territory; and to resettle more efficiently those who enter France illegally and are not fit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic in the past.
Macron said that he hoped to be able to "evaluate" the system, but did not abolish it, but imposed certain restrictions on it.
After Macron made this remark, Le Pen, leader of the far-right "National Alliance", tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk".
Lasher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party and President of the Senate, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "realistic" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Valao, a member of the leftist Socialist Party, believed that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report pointed out that a new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for a year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time has failed to appease right-wing opposition parties.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of attack by the far right. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but at the same time will risk angering leftists within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate immigration policy from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "buyback wave", with many listed companies offering "real money" to buy back their shares.
According to the statistics of Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded RMB100 billion (the same as below), far exceeding the data for the same period in previous years, and setting a record high for the volume of A-share repurchase funds.
In response, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market was low this year. Buying back shares at a relatively low price would help listed companies improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflected the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market capitalization and abundant cash flow, and would help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also encouraged listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed implementation rules for the repurchase of shares by listed companies, providing detailed norms and guidelines for the repurchase of shares by listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, listed companies that have implemented the plan to increase their holdings and repurchase are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, in terms of the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies repurchased more than RMB1 billion this year.
At the top of the list was Yili's shares, with a repurchase value of more than $5 billion.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice president of the School of Finance and Finance at Renmin University of China, told China News Agency that the buyback shows, on the one hand, that listed companies have strong economic strength and a better financial position, are capable of maintaining stock price stability and giving investors confidence, and, on the other hand, that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, to the market and to investors.
The former is based on the good operating performance of the company, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For the capital market, this is all the most core basic element.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and has a supportive effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities Research Report, based on the estimated number of share repurchases set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of repurchased shares, the incremental capital that repurchased shares will bring to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed RMB150 billion.
In the last two months, the restoration of a large mural of the Tianhau Palace in Tianjin, a key national cultural protection unit, was completed on the 26th, and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
"The Temple of the Queen" is a large traditional mural that comprehensively reflects the life of Mazu.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was painted by Cai Changkui, the former director of the Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhau Palace), from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural was painted on the south and north walls of the main hall of the Tianhau Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth of a diva, the crossing of the sea by a seat, and the ascension of a feather to the sky. 358 characters recreate the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has had rainy summers and dry winters. This "wet and dry" has led to the rupture of the mural, which accounts for 60% of the total mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the frescoes of Mazu's deeds, the Ancient Culture Street Management Committee of Nankai District, Tianjin, and the Tianhau Palace have initiated the restoration of the Temple of the Tianhau Palace and the frescoes in the temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repair as old as old'. At the same time, local contents of the original frescoes have been adjusted, and supplementary restoration has been carried out in areas where the frescoes were not perfect.
In the restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink, etc.
After restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original frescoes were maintained.
The Tianhau Palace was built in 1326. It was formerly known as the Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Niang Palace. It has been rebuilt many times. It is the oldest complex in downtown Tianjin and one of the earliest Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the launch ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held in a grand ceremony.
The shape of the terminal at Beijing Daxing International Airport implies "phoenix wings" and is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is overloaded. Last year, it carried 100 million + passengers, making it the second airport in the world to have more than 100 million passengers per year after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is expected that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million, accounting for 20% of international flights. By 2025, passenger throughput will reach 72 million, and the share of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country gate", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. It has a direct distance of 46 km from Tiananmen Gate. It is currently the largest newly built airport in the world.
The floor projection area of the rooftop steel structure of its terminal has reached 180,000 sqm and is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the first terminal in the world to have two arrival floors and two departure floors - F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure, respectively.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high speed and the airport outside the terminal corresponds to the terminal F3 and F4, respectively - the upper level of the international departure. Both domestic departures are possible.
The maiden voyage of Beijing Daxing International Airport ushered in the era of "dual airports" in Beijing.
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development, and a Beijing-Jin-Hebei regional integrated transport hub that supports the construction of Xiongan New Area. To date, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport. Of these, 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regional and foreign airlines have been approved at all times.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This has formed a "dual hub" airport pattern of coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport. It has not only eased the operating pressure of the capital airport's capacity saturation, but also better met the urgent needs of the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhanced the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of its geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport runway has adopted an "all-directional" layout, adopted the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and established China's largest terminal control zone, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, airports of this size in China have used a home-made automatic baggage handling and information management system, and adopted an innovative baggage transmission model to enhance the efficiency of baggage handling systems.
Beijing Daxing International Airport made its maiden voyage, heralding the cool take-off of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts, with a domestic production rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold a general meeting in November to transfer the party age to the age of 16.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold the Central Congress at the beginning of November, and intends to amend the Party Constitution to lower the age of joining the Party to 16.
With the approval of the National Assembly to lower the voting age for the general election, Ma Hua announced that the 66th Central Congress will be held this year and put forward proposals to amend the Party Constitution, including lowering the age of Ma Hua's entry into the Party from the current age of 18 to 16.
Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of the Ma Hua General Association, said that the Ma Hua Central Committee was scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year. However, due to the by-election of the Tannon Biai National Assembly seat, the date of the Congress may change.
He said that since the Election Committee will meet only on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and polling day for the by-election of Tannon Bi Ai, they will meet the following day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of the Central Committee held yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the Congress and amend the Party Constitution. However, it happened to happen that Dato Mohamad, Member of Parliament of the Indigenous Unity Party of Tanjung Biai, died of an unfortunate illness, and therefore joined the agenda for the by-election of the National Assembly.
Wang Boxiang, former party secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province - Qiangxian Fumin Chizi Xin - Xinhuanet
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943. He joined the work force in 1967. He has held the positions of party secretary, county party secretary, mayor and so on.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was the party secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province, when Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During Shouguang's five years in office, Wang Boxiang, with a heart for the people, concentrated his efforts on three things: First, to promote the industrialization of vegetables; second, to develop Shoubei Saline Beach; and third, to lay the foundation for the industry to turn over, so that Shouguang people have since bulged up their pockets and raised their backs.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and have also learned lessons about growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a bumper harvest of vegetables but could not sell them. They were rotten in the fields.
Wang Boxiang found that the key to grasping vegetables is to do a good job of circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in building a wholesale vegetable market, opening the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead and screw up. All losses are borne by the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 winter warm vegetable sheds. In that year, 17 "double million yuan households" emerged from the village.
Subsequently, a promotion group was set up in the county. With the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured various towns and villages. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were popularized. After that, vegetable sheds spread like a prairie fire to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, in addition to saline flats, is a shallow beach.
The life of the local masses is very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable shed. What about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to fight a general war and set up camp on the barren alkaline beach for 40 or 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county were eating and living on the construction site. Like migrant workers, they were carrying carts and sleeping rough. When the people saw them, they all extended their thumbs and admired them.... At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed "cornucopia" on saline beaches.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang attended the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as the county party secretary.
During the meeting, a "Comparison Table of Industrial Economic Figures of the Twelve Counties and Urban Areas of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is still good, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only RMB119 million, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang, with a group of more than 70 people, went to the field to "change his mind".
Less than a year after returning, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Every year since then, "learning groups" have been organized to take lessons from Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang is short of enterprises, and even less of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over the convening of a conference. In the county, the director of the factory was publicly selected. Forty "enterprising people" stood out and were pushed to the industrial front.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the deputy mayor of Weifang.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "10,000 yuan households", and a cadre team recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately refer to him as "our Boxiang Secretary".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over a meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The current African member of the Security Council, Foreign Minister Tano of Côte d'Ivoire, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jeshnawi of Tunisia attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four proposals on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, by uniting and exerting strength.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. As a direct consequence, the basic norms of international relations have been challenged, and the role of the United Nations has been affected, to the detriment of the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, it is necessary for China and Africa to work hand in hand, shoulder to shoulder, and unite in order to have strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the weight of the focus is not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
When China and Africa stand together, they will not only have four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit and influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Security Council. This coordination mechanism should be fully used.
Second, we should resolve disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated political settlement of hotspot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation, as well as the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the agenda of the Security Council, especially the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the bane of colonialism, while others are directly related to external factors.
We should jointly make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in mediation and mediation.
Third, we should rely on our own efforts to strengthen ourselves.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hotspot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote capacity building for independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourth, we should rely on development to govern the root causes.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We must put economic and social development first and support each other in their chosen development path.
China is willing to closely align the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" with the AU Agenda 2063, the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development 2030 and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
We should jointly push the United Nations to increase its investment in the development of Africa.
With another outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, China has made and will continue to make every effort to help, provide human and material assistance to the best of its ability, and is ready to coordinate its actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, WHO and others to step up their assistance efforts, and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The neonatal unit and other relays saved small lives.
Thrilling!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack. On her way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby was born on her father's car driver.
Fortunately, obstetricians and newborn pediatricians dealt with it in a timely manner, and the relay saved this small life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal departments of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles. Both were premature babies born at 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng is a second pregnant mother. At 7: 00 am on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach. She thought that she was 32 weeks pregnant, and that her first child was born prematurely. She packed up her waiting items and prepared to take a shower and go directly to the hospital.
After 9: 30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I didn 't expect that soon after the car left the house, the baby couldn't' t wait to be born on his father 's car driver.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynecology building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
When the hospital security guard saw the flustered couple and baby, he immediately informed the obstetrical delivery room. Liu Yanyan, the deputy chief physician and midwife, took the delivery bag and the umbilical cord plate and rushed downstairs.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the car driver. Under her body was amniotic fluid and blood water. A baby boy was next to her, with the umbilical cord attached."
Zhang Huan asked to learn that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. On the way, parents did not have time to cover the package for the child. In the early autumn morning, it was cool. His skin was pale with cold, he did not cry, and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan rushed to the deputy driver to handle the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan went in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped several layers of warmth for the child with the treatment towel and the delivery bag cloth inside, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (pictured), then carried the baby up to the 12th floor neonatal unit.
Upon learning of the news, the neonatal medical staff immediately rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby on the spot.
At that time, the baby turned purple and suffered from asphyxiation and lack of oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him a trachea intubation. In less than a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat, and the skin color gradually returned to rosy. The resuscitation was successful.
After being admitted to hospital, the 32-week baby was put on an invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, breathing was stable. The next day, the machine was successfully removed.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, his breathing is smooth, and he has begun to breastfeed in small quantities.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal departments of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles. Both were premature babies born at 29 weeks. At present, they are actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, women and children in the province have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. Poor handling of this situation may threaten the lives of mothers and children.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital as soon as they experience abdominal pain, breaking water and seeing red.
In case of a tub at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie flat, put a blanket under her buttocks, etc., to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery, and be sent to the nearest doctor as soon as possible.
Yue Xin Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair affiliate.
Two leading aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore have cooperated to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, General Manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that ST Engineering Aerospace, a joint venture partner of the company, is the largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of rich experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering will help the associated companies to provide international level maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the potentially huge aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market in a deep and broad direction.
At the same time, we have a great opportunity to engage with modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
This will better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries in the world. - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, on September 27, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property Operations released the "White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index" in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what reporters learned at the "Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum of the 2019 World Manufacturing Congress" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property to help upgrade Chinese manufacturing. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property in the manufacturing sector, thoroughly discussed the hot topic of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing sector, continuously enhanced the ability to use intellectual property with high quality, and accelerated the building of an intelligent upgrading advantage in the manufacturing sector.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, as well as experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions, to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation Development in Anhui Province for Patent Navigation". According to the measurement results of the Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and Quality Development Index, Anhui Province ranked eighth among the 31 provinces and cities in the country in 2018, and the Innovation Factor Agglomeration Index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property Operations and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
The 2019 China Open Tournament today unveiled a number of Olympic champions to attend the opening ceremony.
A number of Olympic champions will participate in the opening ceremony. The audience will sing "Me and My Country" in unison with the Youth Choir.
The 2019 China Open will officially begin filming at the National Tennis Center today. The organizing committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony before the opening match in the evening. A number of Olympic champions and celebrities from the sports world will gather at the Diamond Stadium. Guests and spectators attending the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Country" together with the children of the Youth Choir.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will again experience a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good holiday destination for fans.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn, and this year is the 16th time it has been held.
And the total prize amount for this year's Chinese Open event was another record high, reaching US $11.16 million.
The total prize money for the women's crown competition was US $7.64 million. Compared with the Indian Wells and Miami championships, the last two women's singles competitions were 96 signings, while the Chinese net was 60 signings. Therefore, for the players, the Chinese Open competition was more "cost-effective".
The total prize money for the men's ATP500 was a record high, rising to US $3.52 million from US $3.4 million last year. The prize money continued to lead the ATP500, while the total prize money for the Tokyo Station of the ATP500 held the same week was about US $2 million.
There will be a brief and grand opening ceremony before the first match scheduled at Centre Court tonight.
In addition to leaders and some players participating in tonight's opening ceremony, there will also be ten leading players from various fields in Chinese sports, including many Olympic champions and world champions.
The first match of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round event, with Chinese Golden Flower Peng Shuai against Russian Casagina. The next second match was a challenge by American rookie Sofia Kenning to the 2015 Chinese Open women's singles champion Muguraza, thus opening the curtain on the 2019 Chinese Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British newspaper Metro, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi were engaged.
It is understood that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire who is mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She is ranked fifth in the line of succession to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th and said, "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi are engaged."
The British side said that the two were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement was filmed by Eugenie, Beatrice's sister.
In a statement, the two said, "We are very pleased to share the news of our engagement with you."
We are excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life. We cannot wait to get married.
We share many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
A maximum of three points for a free throw?
On the 27th Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced that it would try out new rules for free throws. Each free throw will be made only once. The score will be determined by the foul situation.
O'Neill has a low percentage of free throws among NBA stars.
The new rules stipulate that two points will be awarded for a foul on a two-point shot, three points for a foul on a three-point shot, and one point for a foul.
In the last two minutes of regular time and in overtime, the previous rules for free throws will be followed.
Although this rule will only be tried out in the NBA Development League for the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact it will have on current players if it is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new rules may be beneficial to "bearded" Harden, while James, who made a relatively poor free throw, will "suffer".
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a subsidy of up to RMB20 million.
Reporters learned from a series of city launches held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Press Office on the 27th that since the beginning of this year, the city has accelerated the promotion of intelligent industrial transformation and implemented transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises of scale and above has been collected.
Zhang Hong, Deputy Director of Wuhan Economic and Information Technology Bureau, introduced that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, provided free consultation and diagnosis services to industrial enterprises above the scale in demand, and proposed solutions to promote a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises in an all-round way.
According to the plan, Wuhan publicly selects a number of specialized diagnostic service organizations each year, and conducts a survey of the demand for intelligent transformation for all industrial enterprises above the size of the city through the opening of columns, questionnaires and door-to-door filing.
Up to now, information has been collected on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises on the regulations, accounting for nearly one third of the number of industrial enterprises above the size of the city.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site evaluation and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that at present, the city is organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects with a total planned investment of RMB29.76 billion. Hongxin Communications's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory, Aerospace Science and Technology's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Biology's world-leading new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, and Europe's smart home Internet of Things smart factories have started construction.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased its financial and financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
These include the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, according to their actual completion of investment, including investment in equipment and hardware, and soft investment in R & D, with a transformation subsidy of 8%, up to RMB20 million.
At the same time, financial institutions such as Jiaotong Bank and Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Merchants Bank have actively joined forces to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and have vigorously eased the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau "collapsed". Can he be re-elected successfully?
This time, Trudeau stumbled out of the "big hole", which Trudeau himself dug up a little bit.
Recently, the Canadian media revealed a series of old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau dressed himself up as a black man.
This was considered to be a clear act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After it happened, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian people do not buy it very much.
Trudeau was able to lift a stone and smash himself in the foot.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been making high-profile accusations that opposition parties or dissidents in their own party have "lost a lot" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately".
In a nutshell, this time Trudeau stumbled out of the "big hole", which Trudeau himself dug up a little bit.
Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was young and handsome. When he first came out, he had a whirlwind of "political idols".
Originally a "political vegetarian", after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly fine battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election. The Federal Liberal Party held more than half of the seats in the Federal House of Commons and was given the valuable right to form a separate government.
At that time, Trudeau put forward a number of deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "eco-environmental protection" and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "improper practices".
However, in the five years that he has been in power, he has gone "high and low" in almost all of the above areas.
In the case of "ethnic and gender equality", aside from this "blackface" incident, he had previously "paid lip service" to a series of First Nations issues, causing First Nations groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gates of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In terms of eliminating corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the boisterous "Lan Wanling Incident".
He was exposed to the case of "Lan Wanling", a construction engineering company in his hometown, which committed major violations and malpractices for personal gain, and pressured the departments and officials responsible for investigating and handling the case, demanding that the latter "hold their hands high".
Moreover, Trudeau was angry with the official who disclosed the fraud case after the incident. Wang Zhoudi, mentioned earlier, was the first Canadian Attorney General to disclose the fraud case and directly handle the case.
Although there are still doubts in the case itself, the suspicion is difficult to clear.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly the result of his own "digging a hole", and that the biggest "pit" was the "tiger's tail", "at his own peril" and "more lenient than self-discipline, more strict than discipline".
According to the most authoritative Angus Redd poll in Canada, since 2015, the number of respondents who supported Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their party leaders have performed equally poorly, even a significant number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are now unimpressed by the Federal Prime Minister and the leader of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the drama that won a great victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Difficult.
Both at the level of enterprise competition and consumer experience, as well as at the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin development integration, have far-reaching implications and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened to traffic.
Beijing News reporters learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already operating in a state of hypersaturation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation services, Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more segmented services based on the differentiated positioning of serving different domestic and international aviation services.
Daxing Airport is open to traffic. From the point of view of business development, it is more of a positive impact on the Capital Airport.
Capital Airport's passenger throughput exceeded 100 million in 2018, ranking first in the country. However, compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity gap. In particular, there is a large gap in the demand for international routes.
In order to better serve domestic and foreign passenger travel, business travel and other needs, and adapt to Beijing's increasingly open and internationally connected urban development trend, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, with plans to meet annual passenger throughput of 100 million and cargo throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, targeting different customer groups, and both have sufficient market space.
From the economic accounting level, it is clear that the opening of Daxing International Airport will have a win-win effect, ease the tight air capacity situation in Beijing, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on travel at the Capital Airport in the future. It is also possible to reduce a series of problems caused by excessive concentration of routes, such as longer stopover time, slower passenger boarding speed, indirectly increasing the time spent by aircraft and passengers at the airport, increasing the burden of airport operations, and reducing the burden of shipping through the Capital Airport.
According to media estimates of the time and cost of various transport routes to large international airports, such as taking the Beijing-Kai Expressway directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway from Nanwuhuan, you can get to the Daxing Airport Expressway in 50 minutes. The fuel cost is about 40 yuan and the high-speed fee is 15 yuan. The distance of the Daxing Airport Line is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the fare is divided into 10 yuan and 35 yuan.
In general, there are a variety of means of transport available for the public to visit Daxing Airport. The cost and time are also within a reasonable range.
From the point of view of trend development: Daxing Airport is positioned as a Beijing-Jin-Hebei transportation hub, so it is a little further away from the urban areas of Beijing. However, it has enhanced the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitated the travel of more people, and is of great significance for driving the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin will be able to enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities at Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line directly to Daxing Airport in downtown Beijing, there are a number of expressways connecting Daxing Airport with surrounding areas.
Just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via the Guangfo, Guangshen and other expressways, residents of Langfang and Xiongan New Area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and receive convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has not only added a few runways and a few aircraft. Both at the level of enterprise competition and consumer experience, as well as at the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin development integration, have far-reaching implications and positive significance. It not only affects the long-term layout and development of the shipping industry in Beijing, but also provides diversified options for the travel of the vast number of Beijing-Tianjin residents.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we must account not only for individual accounts, but also for the overall development.
On the 27th, the index of small and medium sized panels rose 1.46% - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium board index opened higher and finally closed at 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46%, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, the transaction value of small and medium sized panels amounted to RMB108 billion, a decrease of RMB31.9 billion compared with the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded on the day, 668 stocks closed higher, while 15 stocks, such as Honggao Creative, were trading higher; 222 stocks closed lower, while 4 stocks, such as Shunwei Shares, were trading lower; and 40 stocks, such as Weixing Shares, closed flat.
The 2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum was held in Chengtianshunhua Province.
Nguyen Dejian, Deputy Director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to grow.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019, and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, participants exchanged in-depth views and views on four themes, including economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some prominent issues in Vietnam's economy in 2019, prominent issues in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and forecasts and proposals for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
Trade frictions between major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has determined that despite the uncertainty surrounding the global economy, in which 70% of the world's economies have stagnated, Vietnam's economic development has made many encouraging achievements. The macroeconomic performance has been stable and inflation has been effectively controlled. The consumer price index grew by an average of 2.64% in the first half of 2019, the lowest growth rate in nearly three years.
Gdp growth in the first half of 2019 was 6.76%, down from 7.05% in the same period last year, but still at a high level compared to the same period in 2011-2017.
In making a forecast of Vietnam's economic development trends for 2019-2020, Deng Deying, Deputy Director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that against the backdrop of world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macroeconomic situation will remain basically stable. The implementation of various FTAs will boost trade development. Economic restructuring and improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened. As a result of trade frictions, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnamese export commodities, seek opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate should be kept at a reasonable level, so as to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to improving global economic governance and promoting common global development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
Liu Zhijie said that, as the second largest economy in the world, China's contribution to world economic growth exceeds 30%. In particular, China's "Belt and Road" initiative, cooperation between local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and the provinces in the region has continued to deepen.
He said that this year marks the beginning of 61 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries enjoy brotherly friendship, and mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
The Governor of Siem Reap Province, Di Saiha, highly commended the great achievements of New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Disaiha expects both sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve the people's living standards.
Disaiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and various provinces and cities in China have been remarkable. So far, friendly relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large-scale cultural performance projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. Siem Reap - Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Provincial Government officials' special training courses, Siem Reap students' s scholarships to study in China, rural medical consultations, rehabilitation of urban roads, cataract and other public welfare projects.
Ken Wen-song, Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Weng Heng, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, the governors of the five provinces, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian China Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises and foreign leaders in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witnessing the Ten Year "Cloud Rise" of Digital China in Yunji Town - Xinhuanet
If the 2009 local website forum is taken as the original point, the 2019 Yunji Congress held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "cloud in the clouds" to the practice of "cloud in the clouds", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in the past 10 years.
At the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" with Aliyun Artificial Intelligence was recently placed next to the quality inspector.
It has no rest for 24 hours, the speed of recognition is more than twice that of manual labor, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
According to the head of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 blemish samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary languages and classify and place blemished battery chips.
This enterprise is only a microcosm of the transformation that cloud computing is helping to transform the manufacturing industry today.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Guide to Promoting the Implementation of the Cloud for Enterprises (2018 - 2020)", which proposed that by 2020, the awareness and enthusiasm of enterprises in the cloud should be significantly improved, and the proportion and depth of application of the cloud should be significantly enhanced.
Wang Jian, founder of Aliyun, said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built bridges and opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element.
At the same time, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has also expanded over the past 10 years.
According to the "White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019)" released by the China Information and Communication Research Institute in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China amounted to RMB96.28 billion in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunji Congress, the "urban brain", which was unveiled for three consecutive years, still attracted attention.
Aliyun said that at present, the urban brain has changed from a traffic management tool to an urban management center, and related cooperative applications have expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, the urban brain, through its powerful computing power, enables the realization of new urban management service functions such as "stop first, pay later", "real-time perception of the number of visitors" and "tourism route design".
In the field of government services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing" and promote "handheld office" and "handheld business" in a coordinated manner. Cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform for the whole province through government affairs.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million resident population and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, and has collected and managed 19.08 billion pieces of data in 3,066 categories.
The average number of calls and shares of data between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million per month. Each more call flow of data on the 'cloud' may mean that the masses do less errands.
Use plastic tea bags carefully to make tea!
According to the "Central News Agency", a recent Canadian study found that a package of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year. However, so far, there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
It was reported that researchers at Magill University in Canada found that by dipping a plastic tea bag into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bag would release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano-plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles each year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
It is understood that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. Researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes, then analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to this study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several series higher than the previous plastic load of other foods".
According to the report, most tea bags are made of natural fibres, but many brands that use natural fibres to make tea bags still use plastic to seal them.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper and are instead made of plastic. These plastic tea bags are the subject of the researchers' test.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. Researchers have defined these microplastics as being between 100 nm and 5 mm in size. They are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers first found plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world.
In order to test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these water fleas and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the large amount of plastic particles released by these tea bags may be due to the fact that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when "edible grade" plastics are heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, they may decompose or ooze toxic substances.
Guterres said that the climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster can erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the disasters in Antigua, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes so far this year.
About a quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or less.
Relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life, and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island countries jointly committed themselves to achieving carbon neutral and 100% renewable energy by 2030. As a result, they once again led the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is piling new injustices on top of old ones.
Although small island developing States have contributed very little to global warming, they have paid the highest price.
As these countries are in middle-income status, many are still caught in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must take action. Now is the time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for finding ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risk, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy. International agencies were urged to help small island developing States, especially heavily indebted middle-income countries, obtain funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirmed that the oceans have already suffered the severe consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, extreme sea level rise, which would have occurred only once in a century, is likely to occur in many regions every year.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold in the past 40 years.
Demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a decline in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds for many island communities.
Small island States also face high transport, energy and infrastructure costs.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also making efforts to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in human beings, arms and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, this problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's Ministry of Finance said that the financial system was sufficiently liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th that the financial system is now fully liquid. Driven by festive consumer demand, India's economic growth rate is expected to recover in the second half of the fiscal year.
Sitaraman made the above statement after holding a meeting with representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions in India.
Sitaraman did not explain the relevance of these remarks.
Earlier, some Indian and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown in India's current economy on the liquidity constraints of non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in auto sales as an example, denying that liquidity constraints were the main cause of the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in auto sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman expects that India's economic growth rate may resume in the second half of the fiscal year, led by festive consumption.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly boost India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Education Department recently issued a notice prohibiting primary and secondary schools throughout the province from making up classes in violation of the law during the National Day holiday, and will organize random and unannounced visits.
In the "Notice on Prohibiting Illegal Remedial Courses for National Day Holidays" issued, the Jiangxi Provincial Education Department stressed that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely ensure that during the National Day period, no students should be organized to make up classes or take new classes, no subject training courses, special classes, Olympiad classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., and no campus or school buildings should be rented out to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly forbidden for serving primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to participate in irregular remedial classes in and out of school, for serving primary and secondary school teachers to participate in irregular remedial classes organized by out-of-school training institutions or by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and for serving primary and secondary school teachers to introduce students and provide relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The circular makes it clear that the local administrative department of education will increase the deduction of points in the assessment of high-quality development education by the county government in the current year. Teachers who participated in the illegal remedial classes will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions on teacher ethics.
Supporting pig production and ensuring market supply
Sui Faithful demands that measures be implemented from six aspects.
The provincial teleconference on promoting pig production and ensuring market supply was held today to mobilize and redeploy the policies and measures of the central government, the provincial Party committee and the provincial government on supporting pig production and ensuring market supply.
Sui Faithful demands that measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
The mayor is responsible for the implementation of the "basket of vegetables" system. This year, the specific tasks of 45 million pigs in the province have been broken down into cities and counties and included in the assessment of the responsibility system.
We should do a good job in implementing policies and measures, and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of implementing policies.
We should do a good job in implementing the production of viable sows, conscientiously implement the policy of subsidizing improved breeding of viable sows, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the scale of breeding of pigs, and systematically select and retain outstanding sows from the commercial pig population.
We should do a good job in attracting investment, and take well-known domestic large-scale breeding enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
We should do a good job in implementing the market circulation system, speed up the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and promote the transition from "transfer of pigs" to "transfer of meat" in an all-round way.
To do a good job in implementing the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with basic epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel appropriate to the scale of breeding and the tasks of work, and build up the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Faithful demands that all efforts be made to ensure the supply of meat products in the market, to ensure that there are no large-scale shortages and widespread outages, and to ensure that the supply of pork in the market for major holidays is stable.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of the African swine fever epidemic, the prohibition of fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River basin in our province, and the acquisition of middle and late rice throughout the province.
Talking about the feelings of the motherland, the soul of the nation, the Great White Rabbit, and other representatives of Shanghai's established names attend party classes for university students.
"Me and My Motherland" campus punching points make college students "happy".
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, the Great White Rabbit and the four famous Shanghai Old Firms gathered at the East China University of Technology "Art Party Course" on the 27th. Four representatives of Shanghai Old Firms with an average history of more than 90 years spoke to more than 200 young students about the motherland and the soul of the Old Firm brand.
A product display exhibition of established brands on the spot.
The affectionate narration in the classroom made the students lament that they did not expect that the product display exhibition of the established brand was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and the "Me and My Motherland" campus punching point made the college students "happy".
White Rabbit Lip Balm, White Rabbit Ice Cream... As an established brand, White Rabbit Milk Sugar has actively sought change in recent years, taking the initiative and adhering to innovation and crossover.
The Great White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, party secretary and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in the spring, eating bad fish in the summer heat, eating drunk shrimp in the autumn wind, and drinking crab in the winter clouds", reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating".
The company has also further explored brand culture in terms of taste innovation and comics packaging design to adapt to the heritage of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The representative of the established name spoke about the path of innovation at the "Art Party Course".
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Seafood Chop Rice Cake Restaurant Co., Ltd., agreed that "all innovation cannot be separated from a solid foundation. Every innovation of an established name is a thick and thin process.
Everyone has hidden expectations of the old name in their hearts.
With product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first "old Chinese brands" in China, Shanghai Seafood has also quickly adapted to market trends, upgraded its brand VI vision, introduced a professional operating team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"Old names can be seen not only in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now they will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes will ultimately achieve the goal that consumers will be able to see, hear, and finally be able to buy. "
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd., said.
In the future, Shanghai soap production will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and satisfactory users, and adhere to the path of high technology content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old name accompanied my growth and carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Song Xianyuan students lamented.
The representative of the Shanghai Old Firm spoke to more than 200 young students about the motherland and the national soul of the Old Firm brand.
Zhou Yi-ting, for his part, said that how to tap into brand culture so that high-quality traditional culture can be passed on from generation to generation and live forever is a question that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
This party class is based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Art of East China University of Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Old Firm Integrated Brand Innovation Studio". It is hoped to tap into the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the Old Firm, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of the Old Firm in Shanghai, and enhance the cultural radiance of the Old Firm in Shanghai.
It is understood that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite literary history, painting masters, pottery masters, non-sequitur masters, architecture masters and landscaping masters to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will tell about the innovation and adherence of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the idealistic beliefs of college students, foster the patriotic feelings of college students, use their works to speak out, innovate the form of party classes, and enhance the spirit of the party class.
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and also spoke a Chinese sentence.
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I am Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China cooperated to make the summit a success, and adopted the "Osaka Summit Declaration of G20 Leaders", which declared the firm will of the G20 to the world.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit meeting and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Japan next spring. At the same time, they were united in their determination to usher in a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China jointly shoulder a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to address the issues facing the region and the world, and together contribute to the international community, which will be conducive to building a new model for the future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish the relationship between Japan and China to flourish and the cause of my friends to flourish.
"Overage migrant workers at some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where can I find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the construction site. "
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been working as an engineering contractor in the construction industry for a long time, lamented the phenomenon of many over-age migrant workers (above retirement age) on the construction site.
In recent times, the author's colleges and universities have carried out rain and pollution diversion projects. Many migrant workers have appeared on campus. If you look carefully, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Overage migrant workers are not "idle", but because they "cannot be idle" and have the helplessness and hardship of "having to be so" - whether they save money to solve their own old-age and medical problems or help their children, they drive these old people who should have been "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old dependence" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to study, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to start a family and raise grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks", their pocketbooks have been emptied and even have a lot of debts. Most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children, but also to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they can do nothing".
Many of the "post-80" "post-90" and even "post-00" new generations of migrant workers are reluctant to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "labor shortage". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills and the decline in physical function and ability to work, many over-age migrant workers are engaged in jobs with high intensity, low income, high risk and low security.
Can a day is a day, can earn a little more is a point, "can not idle" behind the survival plight of over-age migrant workers, can not be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problem of unpaid wages and wage collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income, and improve the survival status of over-age migrant workers. In addition to their "self-redemption", it is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars have pointed out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their own problems such as old age and medical care. They must support their families through other means.
Reading about the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers who "cannot be idle" will help us better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
To see the back of over-age migrant workers, to hear their sighs, and to find ways to enable those who return to the countryside to truly realize "living in old age", it is necessary for the public sector, the market and society to share their responsibilities in a benign interaction, and it is necessary for all parties to work together.
Chemetsov said that Russia will not export such systems in the next five years, because "it must first supply its own military, and then export production will take place".
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of arms and military equipment always ensure their own defense needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Glekhov, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Air Force, said that the development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" air defense Kantzern.
This is a new generation of air defense systems that use the working principles used to destroy ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept intermediate-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 km.
In addition, according to some information, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed five times the speed of sound, and even targets located near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defense systems, especially the U-400 system, which is very important from the point of view of national defense.
Sergei Chemetsov expressed special concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system was put into service with the Arctic Air Defense Corps.
According to the news of September 15, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Xindi Island Arctic Air Defense Corps has been completed.
This is not Russian militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defence, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
"With the transition to a new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace of the Arctic region has increased significantly," the press service of the Russian Northern Fleet said.
It is very important that the military has assessed that the system has been used successfully in the far north and the Arctic.
The officers and soldiers of the Air Defense Corps have conducted training on the new system and are ready to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, some of it is still retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying all kinds of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed at the outer altitude or "leaky fish" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 Triumph system, developed by the "Golden Diamond-Antai" air defense Kantzern, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 km / s at a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the airspace security of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor" -M2DT "anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic. They were sufficient to form an anti-aircraft battalion and strengthen the anti-aircraft systems in the Arctic.
At that time, the Russian Ministry of Defence said that the Arctic "Thor" force would be expanded to a complete brigade-class establishment in the future.
Together with the newly deployed S-400 long-range system on Xindi Island and the Kola Peninsula, as well as the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar skies.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the Russian government's thinking, flagship stores will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding the complicated and lengthy process of setting up their own stores.
As the operator of Russian stores, the company is focused on selling Russian goods in China.
Russia has online stores in China's largest trading platforms, such as Tmall, Jingdong (JD), 1688, Pinduoduo (Pinduoduo), Hand Q (ShouQ), multi-function instant messaging software WeChat (Wechat), and has its own online platform, Epinduo.com, and Russian merchandise retail chains.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products enterprises.
The store plans to open before the end of this year and put the products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers on the shelves.
According to the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is up to 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, exceeding US $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million roubles will be displayed in the new store.
To tell you the truth, my expectations are higher. Sales of 500 million roubles are still insignificant.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a fairly positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard Chinese goods as high quality and green environmental protection products. "
Kozhevnikov said that competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
"We have an ambitious goal of launching 500 enterprises through this store within three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also host the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Foundation at the Plykhanov University of Economics in Russia, said: "This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution."
"I do not see a large number of highly competitive Russian goods in the market."
He believed that the project would probably not actually be implemented, but would help strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, President of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased both in China and in other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely, a training program for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also act as an organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A major exhibition will be held at the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also serve as a center for holding commercial project events, signing ceremony of agreements, promotion meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural exhibition stand, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs," said the press service of the Russian Export Center.
"This is another direction of our efforts to support enterprises and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, a master class, a culinary contest and a taste of Russian cuisine for famous Russian chefs in the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Food" project will be held at the expo.
After the autopsy court of Mohamad Adi, who died in the line of duty, ruled on Friday that the cause of death was not accidental, the police waited for the full report and the instructions of the Office of the Procurator-General to take the next step.
Dato Khuzl of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau issued a statement on Friday. According to the verdict of the autopsy court, the police will await the most further instructions from the Office of the Procurator-General.
In his statement, he stressed that the police have never terminated the investigation into the murder of Mohamad, and that the investigation is still ongoing.
On the other hand, Xuezhou Chief Superintendent Noa Zhan said that the police will wait for a complete report on the content of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter at the Xuezhou Police Headquarters on Friday morning after attending the handover ceremony of the functions and powers of the Xuezhou Deputy Chief Superintendent.
He said that the police investigated the case on the basis of the relevant reports.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to resummon the person who had previously made a statement for questioning.
Reporters learned from the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently took Chang'an Street and its routes as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscaping landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled. Twenty million pots of flowers throughout the city adorn the capital and dress up for the National Day festival.
Over the past few days, 12 gorgeous and diverse three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have attracted many visitors to view and take photos.
These flower beds have a distinctive theme. From the beginning of "70 Years of Magnificence" at the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of "A Beautiful Tomorrow" at the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, they bring together the glorious achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, and show the happy life of the people.
The person in charge of the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau introduced that this year's green environment layout made full use of its own innovations and integrated new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
More than 230 varieties were used in flower beds as a whole, including 16 self-bred varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 native plants.
Three chrysanthemum varieties of "cold dew competition", "gorgeous autumn confectionery" and "colorful autumn", which were independently bred in China, have been used for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has also recently carried out a comprehensive renovation of the landscaped landscape environment of the city, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers and shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of grass roots and flowers.
At the same time, 200 themed flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's ring road, the Chang'an Street extension, the Xiangshan memorial site, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of important tourist attractions. The amount of flowers planted on the ground amounted to 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 flower stacks, 5,000 sets of composite containers, and 15,000 flower boxes have been hung, so that the green landscape of the capital has been comprehensively upgraded.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (Reporter Xu Xiaolei Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper at the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "China's Progress Report on Implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" and ".
"China and the United Nations - The Chinese Position Paper of the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress.
It was pointed out that the promotion of building a community for the destiny of mankind proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become the banner of great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China has participated in international affairs in a more active and active manner, made greater contributions to world peace and development, and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of the United Nations, namely, peace, development and human rights, from ten aspects.
To reaffirm that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the United Nations in playing a central role in international affairs; to point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world, and that the two promote each other; and to emphasize that in the face of unprecedented changes in the world in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, and introduces China's policy proposals for international cooperation on climate change and the achievements of China's initiatives to combat climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards combating climate change as an inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and a responsibility to build a community for the destiny of mankind. It will continue to overcome many difficulties and challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments, and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
The "Progress Report on China's Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" is the second progress report published by China following the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively reviewed China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and demonstrated China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The cases included in the report, such as precise poverty eradication, innovation leading development, construction of ecological civilization, rural revitalization, and joint construction of the "Belt and Road", will provide useful lessons for other countries in implementing the 2030 Agenda.
The "Big Earth Data to Support the Sustainable Development Goals Report" showcased China's exploration and practice of using big Earth data to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decisions, revealed the application value and prospects of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals, and provided a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute - An exhibition of art works by Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng will be opened at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Polytechnic Institute at 6 p.m. on September 29, 2019.
People from all walks of life are welcome to visit and guide.
Both renowned designers, Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng, graduated from the Department of Integrated Design of the Macao Polytechnic Institute. After five years of hard work, the company co-founded a design company. After five years of excellence, the company has won more than 200 awards in the world. The design business spans more than 10 countries and 25 cities. It has successfully promoted team design to the world and is renowned.
At the invitation of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute, they exhibited their ingenious design works and shared their experience in starting a business.
On the same day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design and development of Macau.
The exhibition will be held from September 29 to October 10, 2019. It will be open from 9: 00 am to 11: 00 pm. It will be open as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Lao collectives and individuals have been awarded the Vietnam National Medal and Emblem.
According to the decision issued by the President of Vietnam, Nguyen Phu Trong, on the award of the Independence Medal on September 21, Vietnam awarded the Independence Medal to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relations between the National Assembly and various organs of the two countries.
The President of Vietnam, Nguyen Phu Trong, also issued a decision on the award of the Friendship Medal and the Friendship Badge.
According to the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to four collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relations between the National Assembly and various organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups was formed from a historical process with a long history. The good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relations between the Vietnamese and Lao peoples were created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kai Shan Fengweihan and carefully nurtured by the two parties, the leaders and the people of the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim stressed that, in the face of the complex and changing world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation between Vietnam and Vietnam have continued to be consolidated and developed, and are increasingly moving towards deepening and pragmatism.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim stressed that the award of the Vietnam Party and State Medal and Emblem to all collectives and former senior leaders of the Lao National Assembly is a recognition given by the Vietnamese party, country and people to the great credit of all comrades. We hope that all comrades will continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between Vietnam and Laos.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim stressed that the Vietnamese party and state will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao party and state, inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have been awarded the Independence Medal, the Friendship Medal and the Friendship Badge have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them the Honorary Award, and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes in the United States have claimed 12 lives related to lung damage amounting to 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency", on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people across the United States have died from e-cigarette related diseases, while 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking have occurred.
It was reported that the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported these figures and said that the specific substances that caused the related diseases had not yet been identified.
However, most patients reported having used e-cigarette products containing THC, which is the main compound in marijuana that can affect mental state.
It is understood that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts in the United States have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to the report, the Trump administration intends to ban e-cigarette products of all flavours other than tobacco flavor from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Smart Station" gives you a good idea.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Transport and Gaode Map announced that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" in the country will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 bus electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade the level of information services in Nanjing, improve the efficiency of bus services and the happiness of people travelling.
In the past, the anxious scene of waiting for a bus was staged at the bus stop almost every day.
Bus running times are difficult to predict, bus road conditions and vehicle locations along the route are difficult to know. The problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently. In particular, in some major cities, long commuting routes and complicated traffic conditions during the morning and evening rush hours have made it difficult to ensure bus punctuality.
To this end, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation, together with Gauder Map, has explored in depth the new direction of "Internet + Transportation" convenience services, and launched the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station", an intelligent service project in the country.
It is understood that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Stations" landed in Nanjing, incorporating Gauder Big Data as well as Gauder's vehicle estimated travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on the upgrading of bus electronic stops and mobile Internet and traffic big data to realize the ability of "Bus Smart Stations + Electronic Maps" to publish bus routes and bus expected arrival times at both ends.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station", Nanjing residents will not only be able to easily obtain the expected arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and the number of stops away from the current station, but will also be able to visualize the bus conditions along the route through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus routes through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the technology of "Internet + Smart Station", Nanjing residents have achieved convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "checking the bus location before going out, mastering the station time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the arrival time when taking the bus".
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Station", choose the travel route that best suits you. At the same time, you can do a good job of psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for a bus, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace were unveiled for the first time. - Xinhuanet
Reporters learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Administration that a total of 99 sets of fine cultural relics were on display, of which more than 30 were the first time that the Summer Palace was exhibited to the public, showing the rich collection of palace cultural relics and the traditional cultural connotations of the Summer Palace.
It is understood that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Ji Jin, Fu Shu Shu Ultimatum, Wonderful Art and Painting. Cultural relics in various categories, such as jade bronze, ancient books, calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous and porcelain enamel, are displayed to the audience. The design and decorations of the exhibits reflect the theme of "Fu Shou".
Kui Lijia, Deputy Director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration, introduced that the exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, a large variety of cultural relics and a large age span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics in the exhibition are national level cultural relics and secondary cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu period.
The Shang Dynasty Zhenggui, which is more than 3,000 years old, is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic on display. The Qingyu Sleeping Cow, with a huge volume and a weight of nearly 80 jin, is carved from a whole piece of green jade. It is very rare to have a well-preserved quality. It is also the first fine cultural relic to be exhibited to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Administration, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of making cultural relics "live", relies on the idea of creating a garden in the Summer Palace "Fushan Shouhai", and takes the theme of "Fushou" as the carrier, so that visitors can learn about the profound culture of the Summer Palace, carry forward and pass on the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the best wishes for a happy birthday.
It is understood that the exhibition of cultural relics will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Time Review: Unswervingly follow our own path.
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era", released on the 27th, provided the answer: The fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct path of development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a development path that suits it.
Since modern times, in an environment of poverty, weakness and internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people have sought to find a way to save the country and save the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the imperial system, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been thought about and tried, and the results will not work."
Only with the Communist Party of China and the new China did the Chinese people gradually carve out a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This path that China has taken is the path of happiness for the Chinese people, the path of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the path of common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is precisely because China is on the right path that it can do its own thing well, become the second largest economy in the world and contribute the most to global economic growth, and continue to benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path, which is in line with China's national conditions and adapted to the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright prospects for development as the times advance.
Looking back on the past, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of Nan Tangerine Bei, and understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves. Only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of mankind's progress, the "final conclusion of history" was once famous.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics heralded the end of the "final conclusion of history", the collapse of the "China collapse theory" and the failure of the "socialist failure theory".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strength, expanded the path of developing countries towards modernization, and provided experience and lessons for those countries and nations in the world that wish both to accelerate development and maintain their own independence to follow a path that is in line with their national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suited to their own national conditions.
China does not "import" the foreign model or "export" the Chinese model. Instead, it will unswervingly follow its own path, achieve its own continuous development, strengthen governance exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
At the Fair Work Commission, it was found that the owner of a Foodworks supermarket fired a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to hire staff from an Asian background. The boss's approach was slammed as "shameful".
The committee said that Jianbin Wang, the owner of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated employees in a "grossly unfair" manner and may have violated anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the store in 2016 and that he had always "wanted to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, Vice Chairman of the Commission, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements that Mr. Wang has posted on various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past".
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
A third post said that he was "more inclined to overseas people (sic)".
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text message in April this year, later claiming that this was due to her absence from work and the alleged absence of a small amount of cash from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
However, Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang's reasons for firing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
In the past three years, she has been absent from work for only one shift, and the "missing amount" amounts to a few Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton's dismissal was "not actually related to her behavior or performance."
He said: "It seems to me that, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement published by Mr. Wang, the real motive of the respondent for firing her was that he preferred to hire employees with an Asian background.
According to Section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's actions ostensibly constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr. Sams said that in view of Mr. Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it would be inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, who is a temporary worker with an hourly wage of A $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said that he would submit his decisions and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I believe that the respondent took an irredeemably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he believed would 'justify' terminating the employment of the applicant."
"He was wrong... When the respondent dismissed the applicant, he completely ignored any natural and just treatment given to her. Shockingly, he acted in a perfunctory manner that was rude and grossly unfair."
Mr. Sams said that while Foodworks is a small business, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer will fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner acknowledged in this case."
He said: 'This is shameful and extremely unfair.'
Guangxi Railway takes on the increasing passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week. 175 passenger trains - CNN
Cnn Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) reporters learned from the Guangxi Railway Group on September 27 that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangxi Railway Group will continue to open more popular trains. The total number of passenger trains per day during the holiday period will reach 175, increasing the capacity of passengers during the peak period of the National Day Golden Week in an all-round way.
Guangxi Railway Group will take a number of initiatives to do a good job in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized and revamped the three-storey security passageway, adding 12 new security passageways. After the new revamp, there are a total of 44 security passageways in the three-storey waiting room. In addition, 19 self-service real name verification devices have been added to Guangzhou South Station for the smooth flow of passengers into the station, for a total of 71.
In order to ease the stranding and congestion of vehicles on the North and South Road of the South Station, three new parking lots will be opened at Guangzhou South Station, and 1,000 additional parking spaces will be added to ease the pressure of poor traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "High Speed Rail - Metro" green passageway free of inspection.
From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the peak hour, the A2 exit of Shenzhen North Station will be connected with the subway, and a passageway will be set up to facilitate the travel of passengers arriving during the peak hour.
In addition, the East and West Plaza will normally set up the U-Color Love Express Channel to serve passengers who arrive at the station only 15 minutes before driving, as well as special key passengers.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangjiu Passenger Transport Section conducted all-staff business training to ensure that all crew members who are responsible for crew work learn to master business knowledge, enhance the quality of service, and ensure that train crew members perform every trip with a good spirit and a more professional standard of business quality, so as to provide better service to passengers.
Six people denied that the case involving the sale of fake Da Ma Ka newspaper raw paper was handed over to the High Court for trial.
Six men suspected of forging and selling Chinese passports, newspaper papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Name Registration Bureau, and a businessman with the rank of superintendent, passed the case on Thursday. The District Court judge approved the charges related to anti-trafficking in human beings and anti-trafficking in migrants and handed them over to the High Court.
One of the defense lawyers who originally represented Dato's Chinese defendant, Lai Zhenhua, and was also a member of the Sunset Cave District Congressman, Reel, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the defendant, that is, he would no longer be the lawyer representing the defendant, and was approved in court.
He said that he had attracted criticism from political enemies because he represented the defendant, and that the Action Party to which he belonged had also been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threats, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the PAP and the HEU government or other HEU leaders. Therefore, this decision was made after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Parliament, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants. So far, the defendant, Lai Zhenhua, has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. In the face of a number of charges under Section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Ordinance, as well as Section 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), they all denied guilt and were not granted bail by the court.
On Thursday, two District Court judges, Norshaha, and Mazlan, after the prosecution and the defense presented their arguments, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges related to the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Ordinance of the six defendants to the High Court. The charges of forgery of documents will be heard in the District Court on October 3, waiting for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
Earlier, six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Order 2012 (SOSMA). Therefore, the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the motherland - a sketch of a squadron of the Armed Police Force
In the golden autumn, at the military parade training ground, a squadron of the Armed Police Force, composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters, is busy with training.
Shiny spines, unique olive green and bright red epaulettes together constitute a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, reporters walked into this squadron and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to always be loyal guards of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first".
"Dreams shine on the glorious life and write the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song composed collectively by the squadron officers and soldiers - "Walking with the motherland".
In the squadron, this song is the motto of every member of the team.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the squadron.
As the flag bearer of the former National Flag Guard of the Armed Police, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, who holds the flag, has always had a high standard of training.
He tied a sandbag to practice styling, jammed a stopwatch to practice pacing, blindfolded to practice striding, and practiced stability against the wind.
In his "Optimus Flag career", there is a picture that has always been unforgettable.
At a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain fell, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the national flag was hoisted, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulders.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the base soldier.
The standard of action of the base soldier and the flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although the progress frequency of the flag bearer and the base soldier is only more than 20 steps away, more efforts should be made in training.
The base soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the tidiness of the squadron.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced hard kicking skills.
In the demonstration, his precise stride and pace won applause from officers and soldiers.
In the squadron, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of soldier Zhu Xudong Fang took part in a military parade for the 50th anniversary of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the squadron, he suffered setbacks again and again, but was never discouraged.
He said: "To be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the review of the Party and the people is the honor of my life. I am willing to suffer any hardship."
Walking into the honor room of the squadron, the eight big words "the master of stability and excellence in the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, the political commissar of the squadron, said that all the members of the squadron came from the Beijing Armed Police Force - a force with a glorious tradition. It has been responsible for major tasks such as the founding ceremony, the National Day celebrations, the security of the National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the stability of counterterrorism in the capital. More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held. Han Zheng attended and delivered a speech.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
On behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng first expressed his sincere thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening up and modernization drive.
Han Zhengzheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years since the reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to overcome difficulties and strive for strength. It has successfully stepped out of a socialist path with Chinese characteristics, ushering in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, has comprehensively promoted the overall layout of the "Five Ones", coordinated the promotion of the "Four Comprehensive" strategic layout, and promoted historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the Party and the state. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China in the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups. They also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and have made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and that the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the battle to build a well-off society in an all-round way, win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to the principle that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the training and training of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to learning from the world, and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
China will adopt a more open and inclusive attitude, learn from the people of all countries in the world with an open mind, and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start businesses. We welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, and make greater contributions to promoting the building of a community for the destiny of mankind, and to the cause of world peace and development and the progress of mankind.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by veteran foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives of foreign experts working in China and their spouses, leading comrades from relevant departments of the central government and state organs, and Beijing, with a total of about 1,800 participants.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft of China's railway has been dug to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27 (Reporter Ding Yi-quan) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the main shaft of No. 1 of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, the first long tunnel of China's railway, was successfully dug to the end on September 27. The depth of the shaft was 762.59 meters, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of the domestic railway.
In tunnel construction, shafts can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improving ballast efficiency, and ensuring construction safety.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Da Rui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said: "After the successful excavation of the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel to the end, it will help advance the construction of the vehicle yard at the bottom of the construction well, open a number of working faces for the later construction of the main hole and the horizontal guide, and speed up the construction progress of the entire Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel uses the drilling method. It is equipped with large specialized machinery such as drilling derrick, drilling stable vehicle, drilling winch, integral moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill, central rotary grasping machine, etc., and has formed a mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc., to speed up the construction process.
It is understood that the Da Rui Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 km and a design speed of 140 km / h. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
With a total length of 34.538 km, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is the first long tunnel of China's railways.
The scene of the TV series "Fox Hunting" recreates the style of the frontline investigators and police officers.
The cross-country investigation drama "Fox Hunting" was recently shot on the spot at Tianjin Airport. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Yu filmed important plays such as escorting fugitive economic crime suspects back home. The filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The cast of "Fox Hunting" filmed at the airport the key drama that best showcased the enforcement achievements of "Operation Fox Hunting" - members of the Fox Hunting Action Team sought the fugitives back home, escorted the aircraft, signed arrest warrants, etc.
The crew took pictures of the tarmac, customs border control, aircraft cabins and hatches, and recreated the arduous journey and professional style of Chinese frontline investigators and fox-hunting heroes who flew in many countries to apprehend fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the filming, the creative team of "Fox Hunting" carried out a great deal of preparatory work, repeatedly confirmed every execution detail, and ensured that the most authentic and direct visual effects were presented.
It is understood that the play will also be filmed in many locations abroad.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the level of preparedness of cities in the face of the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I find it very meaningful," Oliver Wyman organization expert Timothy Pevannes said in response to a reporter's interview.
On the whole, I believe that against the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of the talent base, Vietnam's future is very bright.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing a good job.
It is important that Vietnam know how to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote greater economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It has led to greater efficiency, but it has also created the threat of exacerbating social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is prepared for the breakthroughs brought about by the AI era.
Guterres said that he was pleased to jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty - the biggest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: Infant and maternal mortality have declined, nutrition has improved, the population with stunted growth has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has halved.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world.
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest donor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has always been a partner in ensuring stability in the activities of the United Nations.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" soldiers on mission in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "On the eve of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only those of China, but also those of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, their brilliant achievements and their contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There are stories of ethnic unity here, and China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of the Tianshan Mountains, or in Tibet, on the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, including the story of peaceful development, the story of developing the "Belt and Road" initiative, and the story of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, Green Water Green Mountain is Jinshan Silver Mountain.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the path of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in resolving hotspot issues, and has become the backbone of world peace.
In the face of unprecedented changes in the world in a century, China actively upholds the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is young, exuberant and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our first thoughts.
Wang Yi meets with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, bilateral relations have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the heads of state of the two countries and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall interests of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and that China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of relations between Malaysia and China, and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest and develop their businesses in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day excursions reflect the prosperity of China's tourism supply and demand.
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming "11th" Golden Week!
Big data from a number of tourism platforms show that the supply and demand of China's tourism consumer market are thriving.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, with reference to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday this year will be close to 800 million. In addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities book tours, free travel, customized tourism, local play and other products through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Research Institute, a total of 726 million domestic tourists were received during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43% year-on-year.
This year's National Day holiday will not only see a new high in the number of tourists, but consumption upgrading will also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday excursions.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This was due to the fact that tourists generally chose products with better experience, such as high-rated branded hotels, no-shopping tour groups, fine tour groups, special bus guides, etc.
The booking data of the Donkey Mama Travel Network show a similar trend. "Private groups" with comfortable models and less than 10 people are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer "easy and slow travel" that emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
Flying Pig data showed that the volume of tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier cities and below grew the fastest, reaching 30% year-on-year, reflecting the upgrading of residential consumption in more regions of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "11th" Golden Week tourism.
Ctrip data showed that orders for car rental and self-driving travel during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year. Short-distance self-driving travel to explore the surrounding niche routes continues to be popular; the number of private group registrations increased by 155% year-on-year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's tourism and leisure.
Ctrip data showed that 28% of visitors to the National Day holiday were parent-child tourists, 25% were couples traveling, and 23% were colleagues and friends traveling together.
In terms of the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, in contrast to the more rapid growth of outbound travel during the previous Golden Week, the performance of the domestic travel market was more "eye-catching" this year.
Flying Pig data showed that the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes for the National Day holiday this year increased by 42% year-on-year, outpacing outbound travel.
Industry analysis shows that while demand is strong, tourism supply-side reforms have been promoted throughout the country to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast".
For example, the State Administration of Sports and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly issued the "Sports Tourism Boutique Route for the 11th Golden Week of 2019"; the Shanghai Tourism Festival, which is being held in 2019, has launched 100 cultural and tourism activities in seven sectors to attract Chinese and foreign tourists. In the run-up to the Golden Week, several provinces, including Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong, have introduced price reduction or free measures for tickets for scenic spots.
Ctrip booking data show that destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics in China are the most "hot". Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live cinema film, "At This Moment - Celebrating the 70th Birthday of New China", will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces across the country on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast live the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass parade on the big screen through the 4K Ultra HD signal.
The head of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the day of the National Day, more than 100 seats will be set up at the main station, and more than 200 sound pickup devices will be installed along Chang'an Street and at the commanding heights of the celebration area. Using lens language and contemporaneous sound, the full flow, full element 4K ultra-high clearance and 5.1 surround sound broadcast will be achieved for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at the Dutch Co-operative Bank (Rabobank) said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China faced severe pork shortages and was expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins. The outbreak has led the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of pigs in China has halved and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst in China at the Dutch Co-operative Bank, said that demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan as Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China's rule.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development.
The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the people of all countries in the world.
The white paper said that China promotes world peace and development through its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China unswervingly follows its own path, concentrates its efforts on doing its own business well, makes the country richer and stronger and the people happier, and injects stability and certainty into a complex and changing world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always taken economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly followed the path of high-quality development, implemented the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared, accelerated the construction of a modern economic system, and better met the growing needs of the people for a better life.
To enable the common people to live a good life has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese military has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper pointed out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people hope not only that they will live a good life, but also that the people of other countries will live a good life."
China adheres to development innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" for high-quality development, and promotes the cause of global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper said that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative and strengthen guidance so as to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive strategy of opening up, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified pattern of opening up to the outside world, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and take concrete actions to safeguard and promote economic globalization.
China is firmly opposed to unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening up to the outside world will widen, accelerate regional economic integration, and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly uphold the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and work with other countries to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is the basic criterion for China to deal with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system chosen independently by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes outside interference in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper said that China actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always maintained a balance between rights and obligations. It has seen not only the requirements of China's development for the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and has actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional set-up and operating model, better fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovation and development of the concept of global governance, summarizes the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of dealing with the world in Chinese culture and the common denominator of the concept of governance with the present era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese solutions and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended a public meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, brothers and partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, and has completed a total of more than 1,200 ships and more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
President Xi Jinping announced the establishment of the "China United Nations Peace and Development Fund" in September 2015, with a focus on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development in Africa. So far, 34 Africa-related projects have been launched, becoming a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108 and cut his hair for 96 years.
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Kim's World Record in New York. At the age of 108, he never retired to cut his guests's hair every day. However, on the 19th, Mancinelli died due to complications of jaw cancer, saying goodbye to his 96-year haircut life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli emigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old. Before long, he helped clean the floor at a barber shop. When he was 12 years old, he began to pick up scissors to serve his guests, thereby relieving the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli attended primary school at the time, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved to work and that people from all over the world liked him. However, although he was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work six weeks before his death due to physical factors, but this was not retirement because he planned to come back and cut his hair when he got better.
Robert, 82, said that after his father died, he must now find a new hairdresser, because he had asked his father to help cut his hair throughout his life.
The repurchase scale of listed companies reached a record high of more than RMB100 billion during the year. - Xinhuanet
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies began to buy back their shares frequently in the last two years. Through targeted buybacks and collective bidding transactions, they hope to pass on the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, thus stabilizing the share price and enhancing investor confidence.
According to Oriental Wealth Choice data, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares amounted to RMB7.9 billion in 2017, surging to RMB51 billion in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies has exceeded RMB100 billion, a record high in the amount of capital repurchased by A-share companies, and far exceeded that of previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of the repurchase, the repurchase of shares by a company appears to be the same as the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, but there are significant differences in the implementation subject, the source of funds, the purpose of the repurchase, and the equity of the shares themselves.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., told the Securities Daily that the "Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies", issued in November 2018, addressed the problems existing in the current system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complicated decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As listed companies were encouraged to repurchase shares from a policy perspective, the phenomenon of share repurchase increased significantly that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies". The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of repurchase funds for listed companies, appropriately simplified implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
After the opinion was issued, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler, and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is greater.
Buying back shares at a relatively low position will also help listed companies improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, raising the return on net assets, and reducing the pressure on the company's earnings indicators.
Compared with the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage their market capitalization and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervaluation of the share price is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies. The share price of a company can no longer reflect the future development prospects of the company. Therefore, such companies deserve investors' attention. However, they should not blindly invest. They need to pay attention to the financial results and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies that have engaged in large-scale buybacks have at least demonstrated the company's development confidence and capital strength.
The buyback enthusiasm of A-share listed companies has gradually increased, which has also normalized the buyback behavior. Data show that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share buybacks this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the mainstay of the buyback market.
Ping An of China recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has repurchased 57.59 million A-share shares through centralized bidding transactions, accounting for 0.315% of the total share capital of the company. The total amount of funds paid amounted to 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). All the repurchased shares will be used for the employee stock ownership plan, including, but not limited to, the long-term service plan that has been considered and approved by the shareholders' meeting of the company.
Yili shares have paid RMB5.792 billion for share repurchase, and the use of the repurchased shares has been adjusted in the near future. From the original plan, "the repurchased shares will be used exclusively as a source of stock for the later implementation of equity incentives", it has been changed to "a cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used for the implementation of equity incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce registered capital".
Yili Shares said that writing off some of the repurchased shares is conducive to further raising the level of earnings per share and effectively raising the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
Tcl Group announced the progress of the repurchase on September 25, showing that TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares, at a total cost of RMB1.65 billion.
The office of the board of directors of TCL Group told the Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or for the conversion of corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares.
Tcl Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and the safeguarding of investors' interests, taking into account the performance of the secondary market of the company's shares in the past year, and taking into account factors such as the company's operating conditions and financial position, the company plans to use its own capital, self-financing and other financing methods to repurchase the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the repurchase of shares by listed companies can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares in circulation in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important positive for the share price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to buy back and write off shares from the stock market, which has greatly boosted market confidence.
The buybacks of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially for blue chip stocks. It is a very good way to boost investor confidence through share buybacks. It is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Committee, and Zhan Chunxin, Liang Shungen, He Tsinghua and Liu Feixiang, the four leaders of the Xiang Army in engineering machinery manufacturing, have set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - building a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in three or five years.
To create a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in Changsha is, in today's fashionable words, to create "the strongest on the surface".
As the capital city of an inland province, Changsha calls out this lofty rhetoric. Where does the bottom line come from?
It is based on the strength of domineering side leakage.
The four Xiang enterprises of engineering machinery that participated in the dialogue were all successful, covering all areas of the sky, the earth, the sea and the land: The smart light aircraft of Shanhe, the concrete conveyor pump of Zhonglianjie, the all-ground crane of Trinity Heavy Industries, and the tunnel shield machine of Iron Construction Heavy Industries. Their "hard strength" is unique and proud.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
When times change, Chinese enterprises "bring in" and "go out" two-wheel drive, take the east wind of the "Belt and Road" initiative, acquire, merge, set up factories and so on, and become a leader in the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, Trinity Heavy Industries, Zhonglianke Heavy Industries, Railway Construction Heavy Industries, Shanhe Intelligent and other leading engineering machinery enterprises have significantly led similar enterprises in terms of their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators.
It is based on the control of the current situation that moves at the same time.
The Xiangjun "Four Kingdoms" of engineering machinery is the leader of the Changsha engineering machinery industry cluster and the leading enterprise in the global engineering machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, who can survive and live well is the hard way to speak.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises fell down. However, engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha regard "cat winter" as "winter swimming", put pressure on themselves and make breakthroughs. Through the transformation of their industrial structure, they have not only survived the past, but have also become more robust.
It is based on the strength of the government and enterprises that are crowd-pleasing.
To develop superior industries, it is necessary not only for enterprises to be aggressive, but also for the government to act actively.
Changsha's reputation as the "capital of engineering machinery" lies in bringing together the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creating a number of related industrial clusters, and reducing the cost of R & D, manufacturing and sales of enterprises by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services, and simplifying the approval process.
A good business ecology has allowed engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises to come in.
History has pushed Changsha to the foreground of building the world's leading level of engineering machinery. The clock is ticking.
Both the government and enterprises, as well as the related industry, study and research businesses, should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the goal, continue to make efforts, and contribute Hunan's strength to building a manufacturing powerhouse.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
Both in the past, in the present and in the future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
We advocate holding such a meeting of foreign ministers, which is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is aimed at strengthening the solidarity and collaboration between China and African countries in the Security Council. It is also aimed at promoting the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen solidarity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
Both sides should rely on unity and strength, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance, and govern by development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative in convening the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China have always been the most trusted and reliable partners for each other.
Africa appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and positive role in African affairs, vigorously promoted a just and reasonable settlement of African issues, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa is faced with the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by addressing security issues can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening solidarity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that important consensus was reached at today's meeting.
We all support upholding multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, safeguarding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and opposing unilateralism and bullying. We all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council, and safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries. We all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way, and ask the United Nations to provide financial support for independent peace operations in Africa.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Lake sheep carry the "Poverty Alleviation Sutra".
In the autumn of September, the Loess Plateau was rendered.
In the Yimin Breeding Cooperative in Pima Town, Xia Vili, a 58-year-old villager, filled the food trough in the sheep pen with the last shovel of grass, stayed at the edge of the trough and watched the white lake sheep chew.
"It 's delicious. When autumn and winter are full of fat, you can sell at a good price."
Xia Vili said that he fed "special nutritious meals" to sheep every day, cleaned and sterilized them regularly, and waited carefully and did not dare to snub them.
Xia Vili raised sheep for more than 20 years. He did not know how extensive sheep herding used to be until he came to work in the cooperative.
Xia Vili is a native of Xia Jiuchi Village, Pima Township, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are all sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional method of loose breeding. The quality of sheep is poor and the volume of output is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor families in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xia Vili immersed himself in breeding all day long, because he was always holding his breath in his heart.
The people who took the shares were all poor households. They all held the sheep in trust to the cooperative. Whether they could pay dividends and sell them at a higher price at the end of the year, they were counting on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few breeding "good handfuls" in the village.
The Yimin Breeding Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that standardized sheep sheds are very accessible both inside and outside.
"Wool is thick and dense, and it is easy to breed bacteria. Lake sheep cannot stay in hot and dank places. Sheep sheds must be built on three sides of the trench. A replacement fan must also be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent epidemic diseases, it is also necessary to spray and disinfect sheep sheds regularly, and give sheep three to four anti-epidemic injections in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "Little Sheep" must also eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa, etc., and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch its muscles and bones.
Cooperatives adopt the method of trusteeship, guiding local farmers to put well-bred lake sheep here, raise, manage and sell them in a unified manner, and realize improved breeding, scientific, standardized and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares pay a dividend of more than RMB6000 per household per year. Four people who have built a file card to help the poor work in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "precise feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at the body shape and touching the belly" to "doing B ultrasound one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not just a change in the way of feeding, but the model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market".
Zou Tao said that if market prices are weak, Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., a leading local enterprise, will buy at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., said that enterprises have encouraged more and more poor households to read the "Sheep Sutra" by providing loan guarantees, sheep supply, order breeding, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales services to poor households.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" Zhongsheng agricultural and pastoral forage farming, improved seed breeding, scale breeding, slaughtering and segmentation, and market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral intersecting zone, and is rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale meat and sheep farms and cooperatives in the city, with a feeding capacity of more than 5 million meat and sheep. Two processing lines with a slaughtering scale of 1.3 million meat and sheep have also been built. Sheep are becoming the "leader" in poverty alleviation in the local industry.
The French finance minister said that he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit.
Paris, September 26 (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, and that Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus in order to revive the sluggish economy.
In introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said that the ECB's latest monetary easing initiative has created an opportunity for governments of member countries that can afford it to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs in the hope of stimulating economic recovery and pushing up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not restore prosperity in Europe. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, it needs to do so now, the sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation gets worse before acting," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on several occasions.
France has already implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which have given a big boost to France's economic growth.
And the global economy has lost momentum, with the German economy, which is dependent on exports, bearing the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that the tax burden of French households will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate, which will be reduced from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the tax burden of enterprises will be reduced by nearly Euro1 billion.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyrs' mausoleum.
In order to thoroughly implement the important directive spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping and focus on promoting the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities".
The Work Programme is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It defines the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It proposes to plan and build martyrs' memorial facilities, improve the red education base system for promoting the spirit of heroism, repair and protect martyrs' memorial facilities, create a strong social atmosphere for honoring martyrs and remembering their achievements, manage and maintain martyrs' memorial facilities, and form a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The Work Programme makes it clear that we should strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, earnestly strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities in accordance with the principle of overall planning and taking a long-term view, focus on improving the leadership system and improving the policies and regulations system; organize and implement quality improvement projects, improve facilities and equipment, and strengthen service capacity; optimize the content of the exhibition, innovate the presentation methods, and enhance the overall effectiveness.
The Work Programme emphasizes the need to improve the system and organizational safeguards, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and broad participation of the community. We will continue to promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning and construction of martyrs' memorial facilities, strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services, encourage ex-servicemen, martyrs' families, experts and young students to actively participate in the renovation and maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Study: The US National Healthy Eating Index increased slightly but remains challenging -- ScienceDaily
On September 27, CNN reported that a recent US study showed that the US government's healthy eating index has increased moderately over the past 16 years, from 56 to 58.
But when the perfect score is 100, this is not a cause for celebration.
American citizens still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
Dr. Fangfang Zhang, one of the authors of the study and a researcher in nutrition at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause diseases such as heart disease, diabetes and obesity, which are the most common diseases in the United States.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study was based on the findings of a US government health survey of 44,000 adults conducted between 1999 and 2016.
The authors wrote that "despite considerable improvement, significant dietary challenges remain".
It is understood that these challenges include getting US nationals to reduce their intake of foods containing saturated fat such as snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle and butter.
The study found that people's daily dietary intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended intake limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the US national diet was the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake was still too high.
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As to the reasons for the decrease in sugar intake, researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people's consumption of sweet sodas, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugars are often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
There was a small increase in the intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain foods among American adults.
However, 2016 data showed that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt has decreased slightly, and the reduction in drinking fruit juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for up to 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white flour bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on personal health surveys conducted every two years, which allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
Dietary guidelines for US residents issued by the government recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating model" to reduce the risk of developing chronic diseases.
The guidelines state that people should consume more nutrient-dense foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the study period, the number of Americans with diabetes almost doubled, to more than 7%. Obesity rates also increased over the years of the study. Today, about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among United States nationals.
Eu promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Ping, member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee, Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and Minister of the Central Economy, led a delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "Connecting the EU with Asia: Building bridges for the future of sustainable development".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy between the two continents of the European Union.
Jean-claude Juncker, President of the European Commission, said that strengthening docking is part of the above proposition, as it brings benefits to the people and economies of the countries concerned.
These relations will help bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believed that the EU would like to send a message on enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial interface between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of honor at the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first equity bank financial subsidiary to set up a technology-enabled management business.
On the 26th, Everbright Financial Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Everbright Bank, was formally established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and that the establishment of financial subsidiaries by banks is conducive to their use of technological means to enhance their management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank announced that they had received the approval of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to set up a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Financial Management had been officially approved for opening.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led a number of joint-stock banks and took the lead in setting up Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern technological thinking and means, rely on big data, the Internet of Things and cloud computing, increase the coverage, usage and penetration of financial capital, and enhance customers' sense of access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial science and technology development, further enhance the ability of the financial industry to apply science and technology, achieve deep integration and coordinated development of finance and technology, and significantly enhance the satisfaction of the people with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Management, said that the management platform of Everbright Financial Management will use smart investment, smart investment and research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trends from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that in the face of a new competitive situation in the management industry, financial technology companies and management institutions will jointly explore new growth paths with management technology.
Financial technology to enable the management industry is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of the management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new management technology system to enhance the product development and wind control capabilities of management with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system starts with four major capabilities: Product design, sales transactions, asset management and risk assessment, and enhances the overall level of intelligent operation of the management industry.
Experts believe that management technology, while enhancing customer service capabilities and innovating and enriching products, can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and enhance management efficiency.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, the risk of locating customers through questionnaires was easy to deviate. Now, using artificial intelligence for user portraits will help better locate customers, launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, and help defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and space-time data can help us better delineate the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while defusing risks, big data technology will also help enhance wind control capabilities.
The record for the deepest shaft of a railway tunnel in China has been set.
China News Agency Baoshan on September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu for Guo Zhou Jingbo). After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the construction of shaft No. 1 of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on September 27. The depth of the shaft reached 762.59 meters below the ground level, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of a railway tunnel in China.
The 34.5 km Da Rui Railway Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gaoligong Mountain Mountains from the west bank of the Nu River. It is the longest single tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel traverses 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1,155 meters, because it covers almost all the adverse geology and major risks that may be encountered in tunnel construction. The Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is known as the "Geological Museum" for tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel. It is charged with the important task of increasing the operating surface to achieve "short drilling of the Long Tunnel" and ventilation of the later railway operation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel into horizontal tunnel construction. After the excavation of the vehicle yard at the bottom of the well and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces can be added to the well to speed up the excavation of the main tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation. Because there are more cracks in the granite formation, water cannot be stopped. It flows continuously from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure is as great as the depth of the well."
Si Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Da Rui Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud surges and collapses. The builders invited experts to take the pulse on the spot and discuss the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water inrush in the shaft is maximum, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour and is more than 700 meters deep at the bottom of the well. The water pressure is equivalent to 700 meters deep at the bottom of the sea."
Si Jingzhao said, "If water is not pumped and drained in time, the well will flood 10 meters in an hour. We spend almost 85% of our time treating water and 15% of our time digging."
In order to overcome the geological difficulties such as longitudinal jointed development of the surrounding rock of shaft No. 1, water inrush and water-rich granite, systematic water control measures combining "exploration, injection and excavation" have been adopted in tunnel construction to reduce the risk of construction.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed mechanized assembly lines such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system. It has achieved full process mechanization operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast, formwork installation and concrete pouring, and accelerated the construction schedule.
In the end, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
With a total length of 330 km, the Da Rui Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road" construction.
When completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from six hours on the current highway to two hours, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in the western Yunnan region and promote economic and trade cooperation and friendly people-to-people exchanges between China and South Asian and Southeast Asian countries.
Carrie Lam: As a Chinese, she is proud of her country's achievements.
The Hong Kong press welcomed the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"A reception for the Hong Kong press to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
In her speech at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Carrie Lam, pointed out that the country's achievements over the past 70 years are well known to the world, and we are proud to be Chinese.
Carrie Lam, Lu Xinning, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Yadin, Deputy Political Member of the PLA Garrison in Hong Kong, and Jiang Jae-chung, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Preparatory Committee for the National Day of the Hong Kong Press, attended the reception and served as officiating guests.
In her speech, Carrie Lam pointed out that China has made great efforts in the past 70 years. Even though it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome all of them, and its achievements are well known to the world. As Chinese, we are proud.
After returning to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, working together to make progress and share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to develop its strengths in the future, seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, social disputes in Hong Kong have continued. Every Hong Kong person has been affected. Journalists have also faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, we hope that our friends in the press will continue to rise to the difficulties, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the community, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and for the community to return to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang Jae-chung pointed out that the glorious course that New China has gone through is also a process in which Hong Kong and the motherland have developed together, made progress together, linked blood, shared honor and disgrace.
In particular, since the return of Hong Kong to the motherland, the Central Committee has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people govern Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together to help each other, and have jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit, win-win progress and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, Hong Kong has witnessed a series of violent activities that blatantly violate the law and wantonly undermine social stability. Some media have published distorted and false reports, which have contributed to the violence.
He called on the media to stir up confusion and create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media should abide by the professional norms of journalism, use truthful reporting and responsible speech to guide citizens to consciously and violently cut their seats, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to send their best wishes for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Reporters learned from the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City" on October 1, focusing on 15 types of uncivilized behavior such as pedestrians not following traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings. A list of key measures will be drawn up, and corresponding penalties will be set.
Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of the Propaganda Department of Xining Municipal Committee and Director of the Municipal Office of Civilization, introduced that since Xining City was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the level of civic civilization and morality has improved markedly.
However, the uncivilized behavior of pedestrians jaywalking, running red lights and non-motorized vehicles not following traffic lights; throwing objects at high altitude, throwing objects at car windows; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing defecation and defecation everywhere is still very prominent and easy to bounce back. It needs to be solved as soon as possible.
In the light of Xining's reality, the regulations set out more comprehensive and high standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units in terms of public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental hygiene, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building civilized campuses, promoting civilized family construction, performing official duties, commemorating heroic martyrs, and medical services, so that the whole society can understand "what can be done" and "what is prohibited".
"To formulate and promulgate regulations to eliminate blind spots and misconceptions in the field of cognition of civilized behavior, and to comprehensively regulate citizens's behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green living, wedding and funeral, etc., will provide a strong legal guarantee for normalizing the creation of a mass spiritual civilization in Xining."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the People's Congress of Xining City, said.
Tonight, Beijing Subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed in operation - CNN
Beijing News Express (Reporter Pei Jianfei) today (September 27) afternoon, the Beijing Metro Corporation announced that between September 27 and October 7, the extended operating dates of the last bus on Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the delayed operation period, the operating time of Metro Line 1 and 2 will continue until the early hours of the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes for a train.
The operating time of Line 1 was extended for 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The departure time of the last bus at all stations along the route was extended after 00: 30 the next day. The inner ring of Line 2 was extended for 81 minutes and the outer ring was extended for 95 minutes. The departure time of the last bus at all stations along the route was after 0: 20 the next day, and the last bus at Qianmen Station was opened at 00: 50 the next day.
The departure time of the last bus at Beijing West Station (heading to Coking Plant Station) on Metro Line 7 was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day, and the departure time of the last bus at Coking Plant Station (heading to Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
British tourist's car keys fell into a lake and his family was trapped in France for five days.
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took their two children on holiday to France. As a result, they accidentally dropped their car keys into a lake. The family was forced to wait five days to get a new key prepared by the automaker.
The couple then left France with their children.
It was reported that on September 16, local time, the British family was visiting a lake in France when her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them several hours and they were unable to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists purchased insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reorder the keys from the automaker.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the key to the preparation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of the car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas for 49 countries, including China.
(Dubai 27) With immediate effect, Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas for 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of SAR 440 (approximately RMB836).
Tourists are required to prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi territory and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing visa at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic signature through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is to enter the country more than once a year, and tourists may be allowed to stay for a maximum of 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country, because this country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammadge bin Salman, has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan, which aims to reduce the long-term dependence of the country's economy on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism are important components of this plan.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, Igor Velyashenko, paid a working visit to Xingan Province, Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Secretary of the Xingan Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xingan Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, and will help promote the cooperative relations between Xingan Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, party secretary of Xingan Province, said that Xingan Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province. He hoped that in the future Belarus would take more vigorous measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xingan Province and Vietnam, and assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Vice Premier Igor Velyashenko expressed his gratitude to Xingan Province for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and business activities in the near future.
It is hoped that Xingan Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Vice Premier Igor Velyashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot notification of the commitment system in areas such as production licensing of low-risk varieties of food, and devolution of the handling authority of the representative offices of foreign enterprises to the Free Trade Zone.
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Regulatory Authority and the Pudong New District Government signed a working memorandum and launched 20 market supervision and reform measures, some of which were the first pilot in the country.
According to the introduction, the notification commitment means that the administrative organ will inform the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements stipulated in the laws and regulations at one time when handling the relevant licensing registration matters.
After the applicant has signed the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision authorities will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai FTZ in registering the names of enterprises, handling licenses for the production of simple and low-risk varieties of food, and approving some types of measuring instruments on a pilot basis, so as to make it easier for enterprises to gain access.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the commitment on the 27th, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and has also adopted the method of "accepting the shortage", that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some of the materials according to the time limit stipulated in the letter of undertaking, "effectively feeling the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market regulator said that the implementation of the notification and commitment system for food production licenses was the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval process was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination, examination and approval and certification" to three links of "registration, acceptance, examination and approval and certification". The closing time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to completion on the spot.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic extroversion, the Shanghai market supervision authorities have delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, making it easier for enterprises to handle the matter nearby.
Statistics show that the devolution of power involved a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"11" Long Holiday Consumption Small Survey: Choosing more diversified tourism takes the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
A reporter from the Securities Daily recently launched a small survey on the "11" holiday arrangements in a circle of friends. Nearly 20 feedback received showed that although everyone's plans are different, "travel + consumption" has become the key word for the "11" holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback received by the Securities Daily reporter, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said that "during the" 11th "period, he plans to take his family to Shanghai for a visit. Disney is the first stop, and then go around the surrounding cities". Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "A family of three set out on September 28 and planned a 10-day trip around the island". Miss Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore.
The "Travel and Travel Trends Report for Residents of the 2019 National Day Golden Week", jointly released by Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Travel recently, shows that travel and travel during this year's National Day Golden Week have a clear trend of consumption upgrading in the three subsectors of travel, residence and travel.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the share of demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, Meituan released the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report", which showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and showed a trend of "food, shelter and play" diversification and upgrading.
More young people travel in favor of high quality and distinctive experiences. The heat of cultural tourism, night tourism and so on continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all types of consumer demand were also released centrally during the "11th" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily that "the main plan for this year's" 11th "is to buy a car."
Staff at a 4S store of an auto brand in Beijing told the Securities Daily that, generally speaking, September and October of each year are referred to as the golden period for auto sales.
During the "11th" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, store reduction, etc.
In addition, a number of brands have recently launched new models, and it is expected that the effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to demand satisfaction at the spiritual level, and the share of consumption of services such as culture and education has continued to rise.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of a child, cultural and educational consumption has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year, the "11th" is full. We have to go to the "punch card" planetarium and children's theatre. We have arranged a few family weekends to set up a tent and camp at the Elk Museum. We have also arranged some audition experience classes.
Some industry insiders said that, in theory, the evolution path of consumption upgrading for residents is from subsistence consumption to development-based consumption and hedonistic consumption. A significant part of the content of hedonistic consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people are paying more and more attention to consumption demand at the spiritual level. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, to catch up with the "11th" National Day holiday, time is more abundant, and people are more willing to travel and spend. This will not only meet the consumption demand at the spiritual level, but also reflect the upgrading of the consumption of residents.
The afternoon began to be lonely, and did not want to go out, and did not adjust the state of the children not being around.
Pull up your spirits and say to Nana, the dog, "Mom will take you out of the house."
I have carefully written a few things to do when I go out. The character characteristics of type A blood have become stronger and stronger. I feel very awkward.
Take suits, buy nutrition grains, pay, buy sashimi, Nana's small snacks.
These are the reasons for going out.
On the phone, I just said to my sister Ai Qiang thanks to Nana, otherwise there would be no excuse for buying small snacks.
There was a few perfunctory laughs, saying that when the child called, he hung up.
Nana jumped into the assistant seat and lay down honestly. She knew that she had motion sickness, was frightened, and was not willing not to accompany me.
Husband Boo rarely came back early.
Lianlian admired the salmon salad made with shea butter, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Take a look at the wall. It was just 7: 00, and sunset was early in the country of sunrise. It was already dark.
All the friends in the circle are inventing the month. It turns out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a bunch of grapes from friends, leave half of them for Boo, and put the rest in a small flower bowl that you like, and take them out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I eat the grapes. She eats the skin. I spit the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. The good thing is that the clouds are walking, and the moon flickers up. It is a little harsh when it is bright and dark.
All kinds of poems about the bright moon surged in my mind, but I only like this one clearly: Reunion every three or five days / Full of clear jade guardrails / A round in the sky. / All the names of the world look up.
Perhaps we have given too much emotion to the moonlight. For me now, in fact, the sentence of God to God, Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The moonlight is the moonlight, and the mood is yours.
After eating the grapes, the cold moon is chilly.
Nana Troupe had a slight snore at her feet. She stood up and spread Nana's small blanket on the edge of her small house. Nana lay happily on it.
Open the door and shout, "Is the bath water ready?"
You can 't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom lights and open the glass.
I didn 't eat mooncakes, I didn' t drink alcohol.
The mascot was released at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The launch ceremony of the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and an UAE national tree bean tree.
The launch introduced the information of the six mascots to the audience through the broadcast of video clips.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifah, an 8-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
Three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo. Blue robots represent "mobility", green robots represent "sustainability", and yellow robots represent "opportunity".
An ancient bean tree, named "Salama", is the "old grandmother" of five "little ones", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo High Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between major events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, showcase the creativity of local talent, and express our ambitions and expectations."
Uae Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation and Director of Dubai Expo Bureau Lim Hashemi attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme "Communicating ideas and creating the future".
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students may apply for German undergraduate studies on the basis of the results of the College Entrance Examination.
Recently, the Anabin database in Germany, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website that, starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply directly for German undergraduate studies on the basis of the results of the College Entrance Examination. They do not need to register at domestic universities first.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study at domestic undergraduate level for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate), and pass the APS examination or the TestAS examination.
The publication of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is understood that the new regulations will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to meet the following requirements: Complete 12 years of regular compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; take the HKCEE and the College Entrance Examination, and score 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750, it must reach 525 or more), and include two language scores as well as one math or natural science score.
In addition, the requirements for the results of the College Entrance Examination are not the same for specific majors.
For example, in applying for majors in medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the score of the College Entrance Examination must reach 80% of the full score, and the subjects of the College Entrance Examination must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or participate in the ensemble. In applying for a law major, the score of the College Entrance Examination must reach 80% of the full score.
According to incomplete statistics, a number of countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and others, have recognized the results of the Chinese College Entrance Examination.
In the United Kingdom, for example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University and Leicester University have accepted applications from Chinese students to study on the basis of the results of the College Entrance Examination.
Military "robot dogs" first take a performance class, the Sun Theatre Company: Consider being included in the performance lineup.
The US military has funded the development of "robot dogs" for use in the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which is developing robots, to discuss the feasibility of using robots in circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics Technology Company announced the "Four Foot Robot Spot" promotional film on the 24th. The content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot that can carry a load of 14 kg. It has maneuverability, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control and autonomy that are highly adapted to off-road terrain.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform specially developed for Spot only. Users can set their own Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics Technology first published the idea of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at that time, but has not yet really been put into commercial use.
However, Boston Dynamics Technology pointed out that Spot has now entered the mass production phase. Most of the subscribers are construction and energy operators.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics Technology. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conception stage and is evaluating the potential of Spot for use at the performance site.
The Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era".
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Ministry of Propaganda and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduced China's development achievements, development path and development trend, and elaborated on China's relations with the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that in the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has undergone tremendous changes and created a miracle of development unprecedented in the history of mankind. In particular, since the 18th CPC National Congress, China has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes in its development.
Through a large amount of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, significance and world contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that China has completed the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years in a few decades. The total economic volume has jumped to second place in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have been freed from material shortages, and have generally reached a well-off level, enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper stressed that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made a new world by starting from scratch, relying on themselves and working hard. In the past 70 years, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world. In the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has made contributions to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper pointed out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct path of development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
The white paper stressed that the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a path established in the light of the national conditions of the country, a path that puts the interests of the people first, a path of reform and innovation, a path of seeking common development in opening up, and a path of comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China's development path, which is in line with China's national conditions and adapted to the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright prospects for development as the times advance.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasized that achieving national prosperity and strength, national rejuvenation and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. Opening up to the outside world in an all-round way creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods to the international community. China's development provides experience and lessons for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "national strength and hegemony".
In the face of the question of the times, "What happened to the world and what to do with mankind", the white paper pointed out that the world today is in a situation of great change not seen in a century. Human society is both hopeful and full of challenges.
China has proposed building a community for the destiny of mankind, opening up a new path of development based on win-win cooperation and shared development, and providing new options for human development.
The white paper called on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, safeguard the international system with the United Nations at its core, promote exchanges and mutual learning among civilizations, and jointly promote the building of a community for the destiny of mankind and the building of a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how a developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper pointed out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and that the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhere to win-win cooperation and common development, uphold and promote economic globalization, actively develop global partnership, firmly support multilateralism, safeguard international fairness and justice, promote the high-quality development of the "Belt and Road", actively participate in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper pointed out that in a new era, China's determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, its determination to learn from each other and work together for win-win results with other countries will not change, and its determination to work hand in hand with the world will not change.
At the end of the white paper, it was pointed out that in the world today, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely linked.
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era" consists of a foreword, text and concluding remarks. The full text is more than 29,000 words.
The white paper was published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Western, Arabic and Japanese. It was published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House respectively. It was distributed at Xinhua Bookstore throughout the country.
Does Ma Hua take part in the by-election for the National Assembly seat in Denver Biai, Johor?
Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of the General Association of Ma Hua, said, "The Supreme Council of the National Front of the People's Republic of China will discuss it!"
Tanjung Bi Ai National Seat By-election is just around the corner. Whether Ma Hua, a member of the National Front Party, is participating in the traditional National Seat is a matter of concern.
However, after the meeting of the Central Committee of Ma Hua, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether the traditional seat of Ma Hua should continue to be handed over to Ma Hua or replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the meeting of the Ma Hua Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election will be conducted in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, it will be necessary to pass the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front before a final decision can be made.
He said that as the Election Commission will not meet until next Monday (1) to finalize the by-election for the Tannon Bi Ai National Seat, the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front is expected to be held in early October.
"On the morning of yesterday (26), I also met with the President of the National Front, Dato 'Seri Ahmad Zahi. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Alliance of Hope."
"We have finalized the convening of a special BN leaders' meeting at the beginning of October. The leaders of the three BN parties will determine which member party will join the BN."
Enquire whether Ma Hua will adhere to the traditional seat of the National Front Supreme Council. Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that, as President of the National Congress of Ma Hua, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures. Therefore, any decision must reach the consensus of the National Front.
"In any by-election, it is common for some people to be willing to go out. There are political parties and some parties who believe that they should come out."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a great test for us to form a political alliance over the years. We believe that the BN has carried some valuable values along the way."
"In the process, someone may say something. That is no surprise."
"However, once the Supreme Council of the National Front has made a decision, we must make every effort to prepare for war. That is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that Ma Hua will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung Bi Ai by-election at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Board and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by Dato 'Seri Huang, Chairman of the District Council (Tanjung Biai); the State Board will be led by Dato' Lin Peixing, Acting Chairman of the Juzhou Board; and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by Dato 'Ma Hanshun, Acting President of the General Council, and Dato' Zhang Shengwen, Chief Secretary."
On Saturday (21), Dato Mohamad Fali, a member of Parliament of the Indigenous Unity Party in Tanjung Biai, died at the Bunjin Government Hospital at the age of 42 due to heart problems.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, who hunted wild animals, was ordered to "patrol the mountains on a voluntary basis".
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources of RMB15,420 (Renminbi, same as below).
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organs used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, thus realizing the organic unification of the legal effect and the social effect.
Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Director of Public Prosecutions of Baokang County, said on the 27th that through three months of "voluntary mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou Mou has established deep feelings with wild macaques and is deeply remorseful for his previous animal hunting behavior.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was heard in public in the county court and pronounced in court.
Defendant Zhou Mou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, suspended for four years, and fined 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources of 15,420 yuan.
After investigation, Zhou Mou began to set up a power grid at the cliffs in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including wildebeest, muntjac, woolly deer, etc.
The wildebeest belongs to the second class of endangered wild animals in the country. Small muntjac and crested deer are listed in the National List for the Protection of Terrestrial Wildlife.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions, and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, in view of the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: That is, Zhou Mou provided public welfare services to offset the cost of ecological restoration by carrying out macaque domestication and management work, voluntary mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaque reserve for one year.
In response to the prosecutor's proposal, the court accepted that Zhou should carry out his probation while actively fulfilling his obligation to "compensate for the cost of ecological restoration by alternative labor".
At present, Zhou Mou has been working voluntarily in the macaque reserve for three months. He has been actively touring the mountains and has performed well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has integrated procuratorial functions and social governance practices in practice, scientifically using procuratorial advice, investigation supervision, litigation supervision and other methods of supervision, and using judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
The United Nations presents the "Champions of the Earth Award" for "Ant Forest".
Amid warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the director of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, the user's representative, took to the podium and received the 2019 United Nations "Champions of the Earth Award" trophy from the host.
The 2019 "Champions of the Earth Award" award ceremony was held in New York, United States, on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which uses small mobile phone programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions, won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but those who attended the ceremony on the same day were still excited.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, Ying'e Annosheng, Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, said that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that has enabled hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges facing mankind and what mankind can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial Services Group) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" and "plant trees" in their mobile phones by recording green travel in their daily lives, paying utility bills online, and other low-carbon actions in "Ant Forest".
Every time a user develops a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in a desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users have reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Champions of the Earth Award" presented on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene, "which can inspire so many people to participate in green action and is impressive".
Jing Xiandong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ant Financial Services, said that the "Champions of the Earth Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that "ant forests" have affected 500 million people in the past three years. The goal of "ant forests" in the next three years is to engage 1 billion people worldwide in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how farmers can derive more of their income from green mountains and rivers.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it is also hoped to help farmers achieve income growth through agricultural product development projects, e-commerce platforms, etc.
The public welfare environmental protection model created by "Ant Forest", which is based on digital technology, has also successfully gone to sea and has been used for reference by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "e-wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest", encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to the report, GCash will join hands with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, environmental protection and public welfare organizations, and plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the launch of the project.
The "Champions of the Earth Award" is the highest United Nations award in the field of environmental protection. It is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award. It was the third consecutive year that a green innovation project from China won the "Incentive and Action Award" after the builder of Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Qiancun Demonstration and Wancun Remediation" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The US economic "report card" for the second quarter of this year showed that the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed significantly compared to the previous quarter, as a result of the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they brought were the main cause of the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the revised data previously published, but significantly lower than the 3.1% recorded in the first quarter.
The data showed that consumption growth became the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounted for about 70% of the total US economy, increased by 4.6% in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment led economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell 6.3% in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell 5.7% compared to the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of Einside Macroeconomic Consulting in the United States, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the growth momentum of last year, but fell sharply. This was due to the impact of rising economic and trade frictions and uncertainty on business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditure is expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that while consumption growth provided strong support to the US economy in the second quarter, there are growing signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, the head of the survey and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said recently that in a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, the highest proportion in a year and a half.
For future US economic trends, analysts generally agree that the US economy will continue to slow.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are eased, the performance of both the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
Kathleen Birch, global economist at the British Economist Intelligence Unit, expects that in the future, the US economy will continue its gradual downward trend so far this year, and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, predicts that, assuming that economic and trade frictions do not continue to escalate, the US economy will grow at 2.3% this year, and will slow further to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Harzen, investment manager of Paternan Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be significantly reduced, and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than it is now.
Matt Merley, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade frictions remain the "primary issue" and the main cause of the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to influencing the direction of the US capital market for the rest of this year.
Ningxia pioneered joint parental leave for couples between the ages of 0 and 3. Parents of children between the ages of 0 and 3 may take 10 days a year.
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights, as well as an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region" was adopted by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated at the provincial level in Ningxia to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women. It will come into effect on November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the 2007 Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in Ningxia. They are divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities, and supplementary provisions.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encouraged the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for husband and wife, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the "Guidance on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Children under the Age of 3", which has a relevant description of joint parenting between husband and wife.
In the process of amending the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed that "employers should encourage couples who have children in accordance with the laws and regulations to give both spouses 10 days of joint parental leave each year between the ages of 0 and 3."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the current compilation of personality rights in China's Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the frequent and vicious sexual abuse of girls, and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, thus becoming a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of the joint property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly defines women's right to know about the joint property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, and provides solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, in response to a hot social issue, gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest practical experience of joint interviews, enhances the punishment of sex discrimination violations, and more vigorously protects the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, together with the Department of Public Prosecutions and Law, civil affairs and other departments, has promoted and introduced social and professional forces to participate in the mediation of marital and family conflicts and the fight against domestic violence, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and promote this. A number of laws and regulations encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia XingUNITA Academician Yuan Longping workstation salt-tolerant and alkaline rice yields more than a thousand jin of rice per mu.
Reporters learned from the administrative office of XingUNITA in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that good news came from the "on-site inspection and acceptance of salt-tolerant rice at XingUNITA Academician Yuan Longping's workstation" held recently. The average yield of salt-tolerant rice per mu exceeded 1,000 jin.
A production measurement expert group composed of six experts from the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and the Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs sampled and harvested the "Xing Salt Series" rice on the spot.
After expert evaluation, on land with a PH of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 per thousand to 6 per thousand, the average yield of salt-tolerant rice per mu amounted to 508.8 kg.
Wang Shigang, executive director of XingUNITA Academician Yuan Longping's workstation, said: "On the basis of this year's experiment, we intend to innovate and reform, and rebreed and optimize salt-tolerant rice varieties so that the quality is better and the yield is higher."
Lai Yongcai, vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, head of the expert group on production measurement, said: "On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that we will continue to strengthen scientific and technological challenges, and salt-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline land."
Xingunita belongs to a concentrated contiguous special hardship area in the southern foothills of the Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's workstation was unveiled at XingUNITA.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and popularization of the newly bred "salt-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technology, build a 960 mu salt-tolerant rice base in the right wing of Korqin, and adopt the technology route of trial and demonstration while popularizing, so as to help the local poor increase their production and income and get rid of poverty and become rich.
This on-site production measurement of salt-tolerant rice not only gives hope for upgrading the saline and low yield fields of XingUNITA to medium and high yield fields, but also provides a scientific basis for rice cultivation in saline fields under the same conditions in China.
According to the Australian Network, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the new state of Australia passed the abortion legalization bill on September 26, local time.
It is understood that the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks. Since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, serious differences have emerged within the Australian Liberal Party.
According to the report, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the New State Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the New State House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the New State.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy, and also allows a woman to have an abortion later in pregnancy if two doctors agree.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment whereby doctors may seek advice from a multidisciplinary panel of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendments passed by the Senate include that doctors must provide appropriate care for infants who survive the termination of pregnancy.
Previously, New State Governor Berejiklian had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berejiklian stepped in several times in order to gain more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
"I need to take the time to manage the whole new state," Berejiklian said in defense of his absentee vote.
It is understood that Davis, a member of the Australian Liberal Party, was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the new state government because of the bill, saying that the bill triggered a "government crisis".
But then, Davis made concessions.
Davis said: "The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more safeguards for women and doctors."
At the same time, the leader of Australia's New State National Party, Barilaro, said that he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a criminal act. Abortion women will not be treated as criminals."
Trinity Group's major projects were located in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, emphasis will be placed on the development of petroleum smart equipment and smart steel industries.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government held a project signing ceremony with Trinity Group.
Trinity Group has invested 15 billion yuan in the development of smart steel industry, petroleum smart equipment and regional R & D center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. The combined annual output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of $10 billion, the Trinity Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project will be located in the Hutang District. It will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even in the central region. It will also be the Smart Manufacturing and Processing Center for Metal Structures of Trinity Group. With a total investment of $5 billion, the Qingshui Reservoir will focus on building a petroleum smart equipment production base and building a regional R & D center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Trinity Group will also build a used vehicle market for engineering machinery in Zhuzhou Hi-tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in areas such as smart manufacturing.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as "Project No. 1" for attracting investment throughout the city this year. Mao Tengfei, the party secretary, and Yang Weiguo, the mayor, took the lead in setting up a special coordination group to efficiently dock and advance at a high level, providing high-quality and efficient services for the development of Trinity Group's settlement in Zhuzhou, from the intended contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state capital to enrich the Social Security Fund.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance, said on the 27th that, to date, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund, with a total transfer of about RMB860.1 billion.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and SASAC on the same day to transfer some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund.
"The transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is a full reflection of the shared development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Enriching the Social Security Fund", which called for the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, positive results have been achieved in the pre-transfer work.
At the central level, a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred in three batches, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about RMB860.1 billion.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions performed by the Ministry of Finance as investors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work of enterprises has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed, with the transfer of state-owned capital of RMB15.8 billion and RMB18.5 billion, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out preparatory work for the transfer in succession, laying the foundation for the implementation of the transfer in the next step.
According to a recent notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities and Futures Commission, the transfer of some state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully rolled out in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made specific arrangements for pushing aside the transfer work in an all-round way.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work time is tight and the task is heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; make solid progress in the work, accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination, and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
Transfer of state capital to enrich the Social Security Fund - Starting from the starting point of "enriching the pocketbook of the Social Security Fund", the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of People's Social Affairs, SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities and Futures Commission jointly issued the "Notice on comprehensively pushing aside the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund", specifying the timetable for the transfer of state capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the transfer of some state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully rolled out in 2019.
After the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of the shares held by ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two shares transferred exceeded RMB115 billion.
According to the regulations, recipients such as the Social Security Foundation, as financial investors, enjoy the right to profit, the right to dispose of and the right to know about the state-owned equity.
Icbc and AgBank said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of ICBC.
In this regard, the author believes that similar SOE equity transfer is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can inspire a series of effects.
The first step in the transfer of some state capital to social security, "the result of addition", will naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people, and the fruits of development will be shared by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, leading enterprises have continued to achieve excellence and strength.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to push aside the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund in an all-round way this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that, in conjunction with relevant departments and in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, it will do a good job in comprehensively pushing aside the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system and the sharing of the fruits of the development of state-owned enterprises by all.
The second step of the transfer, "the result of addition", is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure. Most of the national capital, which is the subject of the transfer, has the ability to continue to make profits and pay dividends. It can not only effectively replenish the social security fund, but also provide a source of fresh water for the social security fund.
Estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the deposit ratio of basic old-age insurance for enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "addition result", is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The way to obtain the income of the recipient of this transfer is to "pay dividends primarily and operate as a supplement".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the Social Security Fund is indeed dominated by the income from equity dividends.
However, the Social Security Fund, as a value investor in the capital market, has a strong capital operation capability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of the Social Security Fund in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help enhance the business level of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, the Social Security Fund, as an investment bellwether, has increased its shareholding weight, which is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and acting as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18. He was later taught by Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of not publishing works in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he wrote the Symphony Suffering (Miserae) and dedicated this work to "my friends who have been sleeping for a long time".
In 1935, the symphony premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto, when the manuscript of the piece was stolen out of Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
The United States Senate approved Scalia as Minister of Labor - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The US Senate voted on September 26 to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Minister of Labor.
The result of the vote was 53 votes in favour and 44 against. No Democrat voted in favour of Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's track record makes him a perfect fit to serve as Secretary of Labor.
But in the view of Democrats, Scalia has long stood against workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then Minister of Labor, announced his resignation in July after being accused of "leniency" against Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a well-known law firm in the United States. His father was the late Justice of the United States Supreme Court, Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is a cabinet-level department of the United States federal government. It is responsible for labor-related matters, etc.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day saying that Trump has nominated Peter Geithner, Acting Director of FEMA, to formally lead the agency.
In accordance with the procedure, Geithner's nomination must be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
Fema is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks and follow-up in the United States.
Since the first appearance of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day parade was the first appearance of the Rocket Army on Chang'an Street after it changed from a 'soldier' to a 'military'."
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Army Equipment Squad, said.
The guided missile units have fully developed the spirit of being particularly capable of suffering, fighting and giving. They have carefully trained and trained in scientific groups. They have demonstrated three characteristics throughout the military parade, displayed a good image of the strategic military services, and paid more attention to the strict style of work.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers are strictly required by standards and forge a strong style of vigorous conduct and prohibition.
They have also paid attention to promoting the spirit of craftsmen, grasping every detail to practice technology, practice perseverance and practice style, forming characteristics such as "military posture, quick movement and bright answers", constantly creating a phalanx of powerful missiles with strict style, and paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic military service, it is a fine tradition and advantage to talk about science and technology and emphasize innovation.
On the basis of their previous experience, they broke the mindset, broke through the traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to enhance the training level and quality benefits, so as to ensure that the combination of people and vehicles, the movement of squadrons and the standards of actual combat are achieved.
The Rocket Military Recipients adhere to the same standards and higher requirements as the military parade ground and the launch site, hold every pass and keep a close eye on every detail, and allow the troops to undergo quenching and hammering, so as to truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination ground for enhancing the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran was confirmed to have developed advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iran nuclear deal.
On September 27, CNN reported that the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on September 26 that Iran had once again violated the Iran nuclear deal by using advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the limits of the Iran nuclear deal in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July to keep its stockpile of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium at no more than 3.67%, and has now made further moves.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in the manufacture of nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported that: "On September 25, the Agency confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges for model 2 and model 3... are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to Member States on the 26th, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam and South Korea was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam and South Korea, said that VKBIA will work together to serve as a bridge for strengthening bilateral relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believed that the birth of the Association was an important step towards achieving the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the government and relevant functional agencies of the Republic of Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the Association.
Chen Changshui, Vice Ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share their experiences and ideas. It aims to expand the space for investment cooperation, help each other and make more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economy, and promote the flourishing of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the presentation ceremony, VKBIA representatives signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
Vkbia coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership of cooperation between Vietnam and South Korea, and was born against the background that the two countries are strengthening practical cooperation in the fields of foreign affairs, national defense and security, and promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of a two-way trade volume of US $100 billion by 2020.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education of the Cabinet of the new Italian government and member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to Parliament proposing that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and airline tickets with high sugar content.
It is reported that according to the bill motion proposed by the Minister of Education, Fioramonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on food and drink products that are harmful to health, such as sugary drinks and snacks. At the same time, an environmental tax will be imposed on air tickets, with 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international classes.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
The proceeds of the tax will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he believed that this was a viable solution, while Italian Member of Parliament, European Member of Parliament and League leader Salvini sent a sarcastic tweet saying, "Please hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sweets as soon as possible, because the new government will start to levy a snack tax."
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to the imposition of a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie food.
The imposition of this tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Cnn Ottawa, September 26 (Reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Cong Pei Wu, held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the concerted efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, which have not only profoundly changed the face of China, benefited the people of the country, but also produced far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has blazed a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the path of developing countries towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
Photo Guests stopped at the venue to watch a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China held at the same time.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of world human development and made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace, has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as the core, and is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, and has benefited the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years has shown that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward on the correct track.
On the contrary, relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of both countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations are encountering serious difficulties, and the responsibility does not lie with China.
"To untie the bell, you must tie the bell."
We hope that Canada will come up with appropriate solutions to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for bilateral relations to get back on track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, envoys in Canada, as well as representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, attended the reception.
Chen Mingjian, Gongshen Heng Xiaojun and other diplomats of the Chinese Embassy in Canada attended the reception.
A photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held at the reception, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive literary and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, the 16th Chinese Ambassador to Canada, has made an appearance at a public event since taking up his new duties.
Cong Pei Wu arrived in Canada on September 22 and handed over a copy of the letter to the Chief Protocol Officer and Chief Protocol Officer of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wheeler, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to his visit to Canada, he served as Director of the North America and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was previously Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The city of Hanoi, Vietnam, has made efforts to expand cooperative relations with various parts of Laos.
Mr. Nguyen Tak Chung reviewed the meaningful exchange of delegations between the two sides and affirmed that these activities helped foster the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kai Shan Fengweihan.
Mr. Nguyen Tak Chung hoped that Ambassador Tongshawan would continue to play a good role as a bridge and link for friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongshawan said that Laos learned from and learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences, and was impressed by the groundbreaking development achieved by Hanoi and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tongshawan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi Municipal Government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the volatility of the global situation, relations between Vietnam and Vietnam will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen Tak Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to pay a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN hosted a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission in ASEAN hosted a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
Indonesian friends from all walks of life, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, missions to ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, and award-winning young children's painting contestants on the theme "I and China" attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilien warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Mission, Xiao Qian said that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of food and clothing to overall well-being, and from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength. The Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great strides. Political mutual trust between the two countries has continued to strengthen, pragmatic cooperation has continued to advance, and exchanges in various fields have expanded in an all-round way. The China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has made steady progress.
China-asean relations have continued to improve quality and upgrade. We have always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoted regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of New China in the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This path is in line with the trend of the times, in line with China's national conditions, has profoundly changed the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and has also made a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a path of strength that is feasible, right and well followed.
Photo The "Theme Tour to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" attracted guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always accompany each other, jointly promote the building of a new type of international relations, promote the building of a community for the destiny of mankind, and make new and greater contributions to bilateral relations, the region and the world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the glorious achievements of New China in the past 70 years and reflecting the relations between China, Indonesia, China and ASEAN.
The video, divided into three parts: "Brilliant achievements in China's development", "Steady and distant relations between China and Indonesia", and "Upgrade the quality of China-ASEAN relations", drew warm applause from the audience.
At the reception, a "themed tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first batch of self-driving taxi teams opened trial operations.
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of Robotaxi, a self-driving taxi team, was officially opened.
The first batch of 45 "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi, jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag, began trial operation on some of the open test sections of Changsha.
From now on, ordinary Changsha residents will be able to log on to the Apollo official website and apply to become seed users, and will have the opportunity to try out the experience.
An experience passenger said that he sat in the back of the vehicle, clicked on the front screen of the passenger seat, and opened the vehicle's self-driving itinerary with one click.
In the vehicle, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the pilot operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the course of driving, vehicles can change lanes intelligently according to road conditions. They can also judge the driving conditions of surrounding vehicles and make automatic avoidance in cases such as overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen displays the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is shielded, you can see information such as traffic light changes and waiting times in front of you in advance. All the road conditions are clear at a glance.
Driverless has heard about it on television before, thinking that it is far away from us, but today it is amazing to find that it is in our lives.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, the self-driving test open road in Changsha passes through the artificial intelligence technology city of Changsha, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Wangshan, Hi-tech Zone and other sections. The total length of the demonstration zone has reached 135 kilometers. The demonstration zone has an area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently the longest road mileage in China, with the largest area, the most complex scene and the most advanced vehicle road coordination infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, Apollo Robotaxi's pilot road in Changsha will cover about 50 km. In the first half of 2020, it is planned to cover 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha.
Lang Ping, who won the women's volleyball team, is still dissatisfied: It will be difficult to play a strong team with so many mistakes.
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup against the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. In the end, the Chinese women's volleyball team beat the Dutch women's volleyball team 3: 1, ushering in nine consecutive wins of the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
However, after the match, Lang Ping, the head coach of the women's volleyball team, expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third set.
"In the third set, the other side stepped up the aggression of the serve. Some of us (one pass) were not in place to attack the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It is difficult to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told the players to focus. A pass is not in place. We need to adjust and attack well. In addition, we need to play defense with the other side."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack. She was more anxious. She wanted to beat the ball to death, and her movements would deform.
I hope she will be patient and "we all give her protection".
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
(New China 70 years) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The white paper pointed out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid rise of China's overall national strength and international influence, some people in the world are concerned that China will follow the path of "national strength and hegemony", and some have put forward the so-called "China threat theory".
This is a combination of cognitive misreading, ingrained prejudice, psychological imbalance brought about by the decline of power, and deliberate distortion in order to safeguard their own vested interests.
It is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries to realize the prosperity and strength of the country, the rejuvenation of the nation and the happiness of the people.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge."
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new momentum into world economic growth. The role of stabilizer and power source of the Chinese economy will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the growth momentum of the world economy is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from rapid growth to high-quality development. New industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization have accelerated, the economic structure has been deeply adjusted, industrial optimization has continued to upgrade, and new economic growth points have emerged.
"According to the research report of the McKinsey Global Institute, by 2040, the integration of China and the rest of the world's economies is expected to generate between $22 trillion and $37 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15% and 26% of the total global economy. Greater cooperation between the rest of the world's economies and China will create enormous economic value."
The white paper stressed that the Chinese economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic performance, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term positive for world economic development.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to regard China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge", and to try to push China out of global industrial chains, supply chains and value chains, so as to "decouple" China from the world economy.
The white paper pointed out that all-round opening to the outside world will create more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a win-win strategy of opening up, achieving greater strength and a higher level of opening up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale will benefit more countries.
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and mutually beneficial.
Mutual benefit and mutual benefit will last in the long run. "
The white paper said that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection. Other countries should also expand opening up, take corresponding measures and strive to improve their own business environment.
Only when all parties meet each other halfway can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper pointed out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the "Belt and Road", setting up a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China has benefited from the development of the international community, and has never forgotten to give back to the international community and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
In a recent written interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slipniov, General Manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a significant proportion of Russian exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil and grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a sound and stable development trend.
Talking about optimizing the export structure of Russia to China, Slipniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand of countries and regions around the world, including China, for high-tech products.
Russia will next improve financial and non-financial support measures and promote further growth in the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slipniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China, and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Referring to the two countries' goal of achieving US $200 billion in bilateral trade volume by 2024, Slipniov said that the fields of agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia is interested in promoting the diversification of supply in these areas and promoting the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to promote the entry of its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries".
Slipniov said that the Russian Export Center is taking a variety of measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Export-Import Bank of Russia to provide support for the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote more convenient access of Russian goods to the Chinese market, and develop new export product categories to China.
There has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment worldwide.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by the Society for Worldwide Banking Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) in London on the 26th showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, there was a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi for payment worldwide.
At the 2019 London Annual Meeting of the Society for Worldwide Banking Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), the "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" published by SWIFT, entitled "Insight into the Renminbi from a London Perspective", showed that from July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi for payment worldwide increased by 11.31%, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment in Africa and the Middle East increased the most, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the share of RMB in global payment currencies was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in offshore RMB foreign exchange transactions.
According to the report data, in July 2019, London's share of offshore RMB foreign exchange transactions in the world was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London is firmly ranked first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the US 12.93% and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": Surreptitious self-harm.
In response to Taiwanese personnel who recently entered the United Nations headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small moves were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwanese media reports, the staff of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations. It was not a meeting of the United Nations at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwanese personnel infiltrated the United Nations in a surreptitious manner and damaged their personality. He also played up that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". This small move was disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations has repeatedly reaffirmed its commitment to dealing with the Taiwan question in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and that the vast majority of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot Accelerates the Upgrade of the Industrial Structure of the Dairy Industry - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot, September 27 (Reporter An Lu Meng) Reporters learned from the government of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that Hohhot has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, with Yili and Mengniu among the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and made every effort to create an "upgraded version of China Dairy Capital".
The dairy industry is a traditional dominant industry in Hohhot. Relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, the scale of the dairy industry in Hohhot has expanded rapidly, and the rate of large-scale farming has continued to increase.
In 2018, the rate of large-scale dairy farming in the city reached more than 98%. Nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrial chain. The total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to RMB150 billion.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot has issued a number of Opinions on "Building an Upgrade Edition of China's Dairy Capital", "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrade of the Milk Industry (2018 - 2020)", and has implemented a "five major upgrading" plan for building a high-quality milk source base, linking the interests of agricultural enterprises, cultivating a group of leading enterprises with characteristics, and internationalizing the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will accelerate the landing of two major projects with investment of 100 billion yuan in Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, so as to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the median exchange rate of the Yue Shield against the US dollar was raised by 5 Yue Shield.
With exchange rate fluctuations of + / - 3%, banks today have a ceiling of 23854 guilders against the US dollar and a floor of 22465 guilders.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were 3211 and 3295, respectively, down 1 guilder from the previous trading day.
Techcombank, a Vietnamese technology merchant, set the purchase price and the selling price of the US dollar at 23131 and 23271, respectively, down 2 guilders respectively from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were 3193 and 3326, respectively, down 1 and 2, respectively, from the previous trading day.
"China's Good Stories" database goes online to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China's Good Stories" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and spreading a good Chinese voice", was officially launched today to present a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the world.
The "China Good Stories" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the scene of the "United States and the Communist Party -" China's Good Stories "database launch", which was filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China's Good Stories" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and spreading a good Chinese voice", was officially launched to present a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the world.
Open the "China's Good Stories" database, and an ink-and-ink fish map with a long artistic conception slowly unfolds, opening up for readers a treasure trove of Chinese stories that travel through time and space and endure for a long time.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, ranging from the traditional story of "serving the country faithfully" and "moving mountains foolishly" to the new era story of "I will have no self" and "never forget the first heart". Thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers of "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The story library brings together five categories of "1 + 4" theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is "the first interpreter of the Chinese story". The "learning" section is based on the story of Xi Jinping, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping's dictionary and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping. It provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the truth of governing the country behind the story.
Reporters learned from the online launch of the "America and the United States -" China's Good Stories "database held in Beijing today that the" China's Good Stories "database has opened Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, stylish in design, and presents wonderful stories throughout the media.
Mobile phone clients highlight artificial intelligence voice functions, adapt to mobile communication trends, and provide users with "China's Good Stories" players that they carry with them.
In order to facilitate query and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of intelligent search technology in Chinese search, and provides rich search functions in the form of time search, map search, character search, label search, etc., which are convenient, quick and easy to search and use.
The "China's Good Stories" database has also set up a special content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for the first group of more than a dozen resident units, including SASAC.
Demonstrations blasted the ouster of the president. In Egypt, the authorities showed a strong crackdown.
Twitter theme labels and community media are strongly advocating that the Egyptian masses take to the streets today and peacefully appeal to President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to step down.
However, the authorities have indicated that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since Sisi, then the head of the military, seized power in a military coup in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be in extreme danger.
The British "Guardian" reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests calling for Sisi to step down last weekend.
The corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family's squandering of public money in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets to demonstrate on the 20th.
Egypt's Ministry of the Interior stood firm yesterday, saying that any attempt to undermine the stability of the country will be met decisively and will not relent.
Central Cairo has long been heavily guarded. Riot control police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police were everywhere on the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of important scholars and social sages on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "I have no doubt that continuing the absolute rule of Sisi will cause disaster."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, who served as a spokesman for Anan, the former Egyptian military chief of staff, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
The chairman of the Constitutional Party, Dawud, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at a time when the economic plight of the poor and middle class is intensifying, the practice of sweeping up dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Ayman Nour, the leader of the opposition and a former contender for the presidency, said: "The capture highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how fearful it is."
"Because he has made a mess of the economy, coupled with widespread political repression, Sisi has tried to convey a clear message to important generals and politicians who may replace him."
Knoll pointed out that under the premise that the socio-economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's heavy-handed approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the fear barrier has been breached, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently living in exile in Spain, was a former construction contractor for the Egyptian military. He began uploading a series of films at the beginning of the month, benefiting from government corruption and setting off a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said that his company, Amrak General Contracting, does not have to go through the statutory bidding process to obtain lucrative contracts, stressing that the military and Sisi relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, are corrupt.
He was deeply remorseful that he had been involved.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels that he helped Sessigai stand in stark contrast to the current destitute life of Egyptians, and that the other party has yet to pay.
On Twitter, thematic labels such as "Stand up and you are not alone", "Sisi you are finished", "Sisi get out" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets, calling on the people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand that Sisi step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amawik's tweet has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is doomed... He is finished. Those who support him are now going to make a big mistake."
The Government of Hong Kong has launched a free special training programme to help employees who have recently been affected by the economy overcome difficulties.
On the 27th, the HKSAR Government announced the introduction of a free special training programme for employees affected by recent economic conditions. Eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in the Harbour City of Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong, have few customers.
As a result of the recent social strife in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has declined significantly. Apart from the tourism industry, the hotel, catering, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr Lo Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Yau Teng-wah, met with the media on commissioning the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang described the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy as imminent and should not wait until the situation is calm before starting work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched this free training programme entitled "Special Love and Value Added".
According to the report, persons who have lost their jobs or have been asked to take unpaid leave by their employers since June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Lo Chi-kwong said that the range of courses is very wide. The most important part of these courses is "vocational skills" training, covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovation technology" courses, as well as cross-industry "general skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge. It is expected that the scheme will support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants who have completed each full-time or part-time course and have an attendance rate of 80% will receive a special allowance up to a maximum of HK $4,000 per student per month.
According to the report, the training course will last two to three months and will be provided by about 50 training institutions. Members of the public can read the daily newspaper from October 3 to March 31 next year. Each person can apply for up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry tide over the difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the funding for the Travel Industry Council, subsidising 6,000 tour guides to renew their registration for courses, and waiving the annual fee for travel agents.
Exercise is tiring and tiring?
According to the Russian Satellite Network, a study of athletes showed that after intense exercise, the brain also showed signs of fatigue.
This study, led by Marseus Pessigrion, an expert at the Pithier-Salpetril Hospital in France, shows that there is no obvious link between mental and physical work: Both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to control the autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when you have muscle and joint pain," Pessigrion explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
Experts from the school are responsible for guiding athletes in preparing for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, in which they experience irrepressible fatigue after high-load exercise. Their bodies are unable to recover and their performance is declining.
Insep asks a question: Can part of the cause of this disease be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
A few days ago, a major exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Art Gallery to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Pentium Horse", Qi Baishi's "Ten Thousand Years of Peace", Li Ke-yan's "Wanshan Red", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Neutral's "Father", and Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of Grandparents" are more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China since the founding of New China.
"Magnificent Picture of the Great Course - An Exhibition of Fine Arts Works to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" is a rich and multi-dimensional display of the magnificent history and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, and showcases the Chinese people's unswerving fighting spirit and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a prelude and four chapters.
The exhibition is a huge scale and a collection of fine works by famous artists. The exhibition features more than 480 works, covering a wide range of art categories such as Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor powder, New Year paintings and posters. The collection of classics from more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China is the main focus.
In addition, the "National Thematic Art Creation", organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, has just completed more than 130 new works on realistic themes for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, for the first time, the China Art Gallery has used all the exhibition space in the museum. In addition to the three-storey exhibition hall in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space has also been built into a sculpture exhibition area, and through the design of the exhibition, an exhibition pattern echoing both inside and outside has been formed.
It is understood that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangements for Beijing's celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the China Art Gallery was closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day". This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The MGTO has arranged a series of activities, including hosting lucky tourists and traditional pallet competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Mr Tam Chun-wing, and others attended to participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of MGTO, Mr Man Yee Wah, and the Deputy Director, Mr Hui Yiu-ming, and other leaders and relevant supervisors arrived at Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky visitors of "World Tourism Day".
Mr. Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand, has become a lucky tourist this year. He said that he comes to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a suitable tourist destination for both large and small. You can enjoy Macau's cuisine and visit Macau's urban areas during the weekend holidays.
Macau tourism mascot "McMae" robot was also present to welcome visitors. The tourist information desk under the MGTO also arranged for souvenirs to be presented to visitors throughout the day.
The traditional pallet competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. It gathered nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau. This year marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region. The participants formed a digital "20" photo at the Tai Samba archway before their departure, adding to the joy of the event.
There were also contestants who wore special costumes to match the theme of the return.
With trays carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer", the participants crossed the streets of "Macau Historic District" and delivered the beer safely to the front of the terminal pavilion as quickly as possible. The process was intense and exciting. Along the way, they attracted a large number of tourists to stop and take photos and even cheer up the participants, showing Macau's tourism charm.
The men's championship was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Sands City Center of Macau; the women's champion was Ye Xiaojing of Jiajing Group; and the winners of the most special clothing award were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel, respectively.
On the evening of the same day, MGTO invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, to attend the World Tourism Day Celebration Dinner.
Tam Chun-wing said at the dinner that Macau's tourism industry has developed rapidly in the past 20 years. However, in the face of changing environmental factors in the periphery, the industry is encouraged to think innovatively, build on the success achieved, adjust its strategy and devise new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
At the same time, under the theme "Celebrating the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", Macao singers were arranged to sing the original local song "Liancheng Family", and six major tourism enterprises presented a number of performances that fit the theme of the return, showcasing the diverse tourism and leisure elements of Macau and the versatility of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day", with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (Reporters Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of an interest rate tender.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase matured on the same day, the People's Bank of China's reverse repurchase operation achieved a net repurchase of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that it would carry out a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day for a period of 14 days, with a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day term reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the seven-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, unchanged from the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" with more peace of mind - visit Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first short film of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on consular protection for public welfare went online. This sentence at the end of the short film struck a chord with a wide range of netizens.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said that the short film aims to further make the people feel the sentiment and temperature of "diplomacy for the people", so that Chinese citizens feel that, regardless of whether they are in any corner of the world, Chinese diplomats will lend them a helping hand, help, strength and hope.
There is nothing trivial about peace overseas. A branch and a leaf are always relevant.
Cui Aimin said that in the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million per year today. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens travelling abroad has become more secure, and the target group for consular protection and assistance has expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accept and coordinate the handling of about 500,000 cases of various types of help, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to think of a "walk-on trip".
According to Cui Aimin, by the end of August this year, China had concluded visa waiver agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted entry facilities such as visa-free or visa-on-arrival to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 other countries and regions, including Indonesia, have unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country without a visa.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is becoming more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas, and the procedures are becoming more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had concluded agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue multiple visas valid for 10 years for tourism and business personnel, and the agreement with the United Kingdom to issue more than two years for each other's tourism, business and family visit personnel.
The United Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service. France, Italy and Singapore reduced the processing time for visas to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC Business Travel Card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining more than five years of visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region. It is of great significance for business personnel, especially those from private enterprises, to "go out".
At present, the number of valid cards held by China is the highest among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa mutual benefit agreements, push more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, translate the results of diplomatic work more into initiatives that benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously increase the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
The National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, the party secretary, led a team to inspect the safety of production and the supply of the festival market during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do all the work in a solid and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and allow the citizens to enjoy a happy and peaceful festival.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal committee and mayor, checked together.
The power supply area of Tiananmen District Power Supply Service Center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time, and realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and production safety, asked about the important details of power supply and security work, and went into the dispatch and command hall to listen to the report on the work of safe power supply and gas supply during the festive period in conjunction with the big screen.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the frontline staff, stressing that we should set up a bottom-line thinking, do a good job in firefighting and other work, go to the scene more and pay attention to the end, strengthen safety hazard detection and equipment operation monitoring at each point one by one, and ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
Wangfujing Department Store, with a wide variety of goods, is filled with a festive atmosphere.
The Peace Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the walls built with green tiles and stone bricks, as well as old shops such as photo galleries, theatres, food stores, old bookstores and so on, have a strong Beijing flavor everywhere.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining looked at each other and listened to Wangfujing Department Store's report on upgrading commercial operations and market supply in conjunction with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian streets, so as to have a detailed understanding of the festival protection situation.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" "Great North Photo Gallery" and so on, learn about the sales of Beijing's specialty goods, and ask tourists about the experience of the tour along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a model worker in Beijing and the son of Zhang Binggui, passed on the unique work of "one catch" and "one bite clear". Cai Qi exhorted him to vigorously promote the spirit of the model.
Cai Qi urged that market monitoring should be strengthened to ensure adequate and stable supply for festivals, and that food safety should be strictly controlled; shopping malls and other crowded places should do a good job of fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming took part in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line length" guards the operational safety of passenger lines.
Reporters learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Road Transport Administration that, to date, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 cities divided into districts and 6 directly administered counties in Jiangxi have "line lengths".
The head of the Jiangxi Provincial Road Transport Administration said that because the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises is a mere formality, the main responsibility for the safety of enterprises does not fall into reality. Illegal violations such as overspeed of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time. The security situation of road passenger transport is more serious.
In order to further consolidate the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for production safety and ensure the safety of passengers travelling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "long line system" in 2017, and began to gradually popularize it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "long line system", selecting 1,334 "long line" management lines, covering 4,824 operating passenger vehicles.
According to the introduction, "line leaders" are generally designated by road transport passenger transport enterprises as specialized personnel, who are specifically responsible for the management of the relevant line personnel, vehicles, lines, etc., to ensure that the line leaders carry out comprehensive control over the line, vehicle, driver, operating environment, etc., so as to ensure the operational safety of the line.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will conduct a special food safety public guided tour between October and December. Food safety educators will visit the "Twenty Years of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Australia" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland, as well as measures to safeguard food safety in Macao.
Jointly organised by the State General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Services Department of the Macao Special Administrative Region, a documentary photo exhibition on the work of working together to ensure the safe supply of food and agricultural products from the Mainland to Australia for 20 years is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many visitors from Macau.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will visit the food safety information station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building every Wednesday at 3: 30 p.m. (except public holidays). Food safety educators will lead a tour of the photo exhibition and the food information station, and provide participants with a thorough understanding of the food safety and food safety work in the Mainland.
Each food safety guided tour will last about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Services Department on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The fee is free and the number of places is limited on a first-come, first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the Food Safety Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Bank, a comprehensive tax payment platform for the benefit of the people, was officially launched - CNN
The Fujian Provincial Tax Bank's comprehensive tax payment platform for the benefit of the people was officially launched.
Cnn Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Provincial Tax Depot Silver Convenience Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform officially went live in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province, on September 27.
Reporters learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the Fujian Provincial Tax Bank for the benefit of the people throughout the country.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has now successfully come online.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end is connected with tax, government, banks, non-bank payment agencies and social service providers. It provides mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial services and other online and offline tax payment channels.
It is understood that the platform brings together a number of projects for the benefit of the people. Among them, the items for checking and paying medical insurance fees for urban and rural residents have officially come online.
The project has opened up 14 online and offline channels and can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Online payment of medical insurance fees can be made through "Fujian Tax Link" "Cloud Flash Payment", as well as the APP and WeChat Public Numbers of various banks. Offline payment of medical insurance fees can be made in various ways, such as sweeping, swiping and swiping cards, at various tax halls and rural inclusive financial services points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, deputy governor of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform will provide a safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax payment service for the public while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue into the warehouse and real-time interaction of data information.
At present, there are more than 16,000 inclusive financial services points in the province, and more than 9,000 have opened the function of checking and paying medical insurance fees, so that rural residents can check and pay medical insurance fees in peace "without leaving the village", so that the public will have a stronger sense of "access" and "happiness".
According to statistics, in the 20 days since the initial trial run of the platform's medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents, the number of service users has reached 840,000, of which 750,000 have paid online fees and nearly 20,000 have paid fees for inclusive financial services.
In addition, Lin Guojiao, Deputy Director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform has pioneered the application of blockchain electronic payment voucher technology throughout the country.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer may also download the stamped electronic payment voucher directly through his mobile phone.
Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" for private tax payment will be further broadened.
The United States will increase the deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia.
The US Department of Defense announced on the 26th that as a result of the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the US will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, as well as enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement added that US Secretary of Defense Esper simultaneously approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "THAAD" anti-missile system in the ready deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interceptor targets of the "Patriot" and "THAAD" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the US claimed to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
In his speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said that while all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain "security in the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that regional security can only be achieved if US troops withdraw from the region.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two Saudi National Oil Company oil facilities and started a fire.
The United States accused Iran of carrying out the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Selis's plan to increase his holdings was completed. Last year, he called on employees to increase their holdings by a maximum of 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Selis (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had increased his stake in the company by a total of 1.0542 million shares, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, and the total amount of the increase amounted to RMB20.926 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs).
It is understood that before the implementation of the plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Selis, accounting for 4.18% of the total share capital of the company. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (Hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei"), held 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the total share capital of the company. Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time Selis has made a positive move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Selis has successively launched measures such as executive overweight, chairman backstop overweight initiatives, share buyback, equity incentives, etc.
On September 18 last year, Selis announced that seven executives of the company, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had accumulated 394.3 million shares of the company (0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of RMB7.0229 million. The plan was completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, Chairman of Selis and the real controller, proposed an initiative for employees to increase their holdings of the company's shares, and promised that Wen Wei would compensate for any losses.
The period of the increase will be from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of the increase in the company's shares will not exceed RMB150 million. After the increase, the company's shares will have to be held continuously for more than 12 months and may not be reduced, and the employee will be on the job at the time of compensation.
Reporters combed and found that during the period of the above initiative, Selis's share price was as low as RMB14.02 and as high as RMB16.44. Based on Selis's closing price of RMB20.02 on September 25, the maximum buoyancy of the employee's overweight could reach 42.80%, with a minimum of 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Selis again adopted a plan to repurchase shares of the company, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to repurchase shares is not less than RMB160 million and not more than RMB280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the "Selis 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" announcement and set high performance unlocking conditions.
According to the announcement, equity incentives are based on 2018 operating income, with growth rates of no less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% for the four fiscal years 2019-2022, respectively.
Judging from Selis's performance in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the unlocking conditions for 30% growth in this year's performance.
In the first half of the year, operating income amounted to RMB842 million, an increase of 46.50% year-on-year, and net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies amounted to RMB56.2324 million, an increase of 16.46% year-on-year.
Since the mid-2018 report, Selis's revenue growth rate exceeded 38% year-on-year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), with medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers as breakthroughs, upgrading iteratively on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business, and advancing SPD business.
Selis related sources told reporters that at present, in order to conform to the general trend of health care reform and achieve rapid expansion, Selis's three major businesses are advancing steadily.
In the SPD business sector, in January this year, Selis announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of an Intensive Operating Platform for Medical Supplies and Daily Operation and Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Chinese Hospital, with a contract term of three years.
"In fact, Selis is vigorously expanding SPD business, providing medical institutions with refined operating services such as centralized purchasing, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables, and obtaining long-term revenue."
The above persons said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Purchasing Network, Selis won the tender for a "medical consumables (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project" at Shaw Hospital, affiliated with Zhejiang University Medical College.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very valuable. Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The successful implementation of the project in the future will also be an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, previously Selis has basically completed the business area coverage of all provinces and regions of the country through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions.
Now that Shaw Hospital has won the bid in the next city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals and enhance the competitiveness of the company in the East China market.
In addition, this year Selis also laid out in emerging fields such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
78,000 volunteers in Beijing served the National Day transportation travel.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their duties from the 28th, providing voluntary service at various locations in Beijing. The service will last until October 8.
Previously, the Beijing Leading Group for Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer headquarters. In the early days, more than 160,000 highly qualified volunteers were recruited and trained for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The areas of voluntary service included celebration meetings, joint activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day gardens, and urban operation and protection.
Among them, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 7,8266 Capital Traffic Civilization volunteers conducted traffic diversion and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs.
After being held by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker "Stana Empire" was finally released and departed from the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
In the middle of last month, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the Iranian Islamic Republic News Agency, at 9: 00 am local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker "Stana Empire" departed from the port of Bandar Abbas for international waters in the Persian Gulf.
The Iranian Port and Shipping Organization of Hormuzgan Province confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made a formal and written commitment and that despite the seizure of the ship, they did not have any claims.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker "Stana Empire", also said that the ship was sailing from the port of Bandar Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left the port of Bandar Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said that the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian oil tanker off Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz waterway.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required for the release of the "Stana Empire" had been completed.
However, the Iranian side said that the investigation was still ongoing.
A number of Iranian media outlets also released videos of the tanker setting sail.
On July 19, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British oil tanker, the Stana Empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz, and then escorted it to the port of Bandar Abbas.
The seized Iranian oil tanker "Grace I" left the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the "Grace I" tanker carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on the grounds that it was suspected of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of "Grace One".
This afternoon, a conference on thematic education review and rectification of undergraduate colleges and universities across the province was held in Changsha.
Wulan, deputy secretary of the provincial Party committee, stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen political responsibility, examine and rectify issues in a strict and realistic manner, and promote high-quality development in all aspects of party building, thinking and reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme of "never forget your first heart, remember your mission" is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee. Undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme of "never forget your first heart, remember your mission".
From the political height of enhancing the "four consciousness", achieving "two maintenance" and carrying out the original mission, we will conscientiously complete all the prescribed actions of thematic education, especially the series of issues that have come out of solid rectification and examination, coordinate all the work of school reform and development, and achieve "two things, two things, two things, two things, two things, two things, two things."
Wulan stressed that we should stick to the knife edge inward, do a good job of examining the problem, find the correct problem on the standard list in accordance with the requirements of "four contrasts" and "four find one", open up a wide range of opinions and suggestions from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of the community, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the ideological point of view, and then make clear the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up practical measures to solve the difficult problems.
We must continue to work with precision, strengthen real reform and reform, and effectively carry the word "change" throughout.
We should do a good job of combining thematic education with the work of "Lidl Tree Man", compacting the responsibility of rectification, ensuring that a problem does not fall, and that the bottom is clear, so as to ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We must adhere to both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave and fasten the institutional cage, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is governed by rules and regulations, and truly use the system to manage people's authority.
In keeping with the above, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, taking the lead in carefully reviewing rectification, taking the lead in strictly disciplining themselves at all times, giving full play to the exemplary role of "key minority", and striving to complete the tasks of thematic education review and rectification.
The leading comrades of the Party committee of five colleges and universities, including Hunan University, and the leading comrades of the relevant units of the province, made speeches.
Two UHV projects, "One Crossing All the Time", were put into operation.
On the 26th, the Quasi-East to South Anhui ± 1100 kV UHV HVDC transmission project and the Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipe gallery project were put into operation.
Both projects occupy the commanding heights of the respective fields of transmission technology in the world at present. After being put into operation, the optimal allocation of energy in China will be greatly enhanced.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the Quasi-East to South Anhui project is the transmission project with the largest power transmission capacity and the furthest transmission distance in the world.
Its commissioning is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensuring power supply in East China.
Gil, or gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipe Gallery project has set the record for the highest voltage rating and the strongest transmission capacity in the world for the GIL project, and has achieved the combined operation of the 'AC dual loop network' with the highest voltage rating for the East China backbone power grid.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the Quasi-East to South Anhui project is 3,324 km.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been developed and developed to significantly increase the economic transmission distance to more than 3000 km.
After the commissioning of the Quasi-East to South Anhui project, 100 million degrees of electrical energy can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of dissipation of existing new energy sources in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, the annual power supply of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours, which will meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
The Sutong GIL Integrated Pipe Gallery Project is a control project for the ultra-high voltage AC loop network across the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines are used to cross the river, two giant towers of more than 450 meters will need to be erected on the Yangtze River, and an artificial island of more than four football fields will be built for each tower.
In response, the National Grid has made bold innovations and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through tunnels, thus avoiding the impact on the golden waterway.
Two projects have promoted a new leap forward in the manufacturing capacity of electrical equipment in China.
At present, the National Grid has built a total of "10 to 11 direct" ultra-high voltage projects, and "4 to 3 direct" projects are under construction.
Safe: China's foreign debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has been enhanced.
"On the whole, the structure of China's foreign debt has continued to be optimized, and the stability of foreign debt has increased."
Wang Chunying, press spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above remarks when the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019 were released by the Foreign Exchange Bureau on the same day and answered questions from reporters.
According to the data, as of the end of June 2019, the balance of China's full-caliber foreign debt (including local and foreign currencies) was US $1998.0 billion, up US $26.3 billion from the end of March 2019, an increase of 1.3%, mainly due to the growth of the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the majority of non-residents were medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term foreign debt rose by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, while the share of local currency foreign debt rose by 1 percentage point compared to the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with the inclusion of Chinese domestic RMB bonds in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market has further enhanced, and they have continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"China's balance of payments remains generally balanced, and the risk of foreign debt can be controlled."
Reporters learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that at present, Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, and has not caused widespread outbreaks and disasters. The prevention and control work has achieved milestones.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan, first discovered grassland nocturnal moths that moved in from abroad. It was subsequently confirmed to have occurred in 129 counties in Yunnan. Grassland nocturnal moths have also gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
Grassland nocturnal moth is an important agricultural pest native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the global warning of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). It has the characteristics of being "international, migratory, violent and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as maize, sugar cane and sorghum. The amount of food taken is large, and can cause up to 70% yield loss.
It is difficult to prevent and control the insect. There is no registered pesticide for the control of the insect in China.
Since the migration of the nocturnal moth to Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has sent Chen Aidong, a researcher, to lead the innovation team of the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences in collaboration with the Green Prevention and Control Province, to go to the front line, conduct field surveys, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and test demonstrations.
Chen Aidong's team has mastered the population characteristics of Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, drug virulence and field control effects.
They have actively carried out research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trap, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the effect of prevention and control in demonstration areas has reached more than 90%. At the same time, the use of chemical pesticides has been reduced, natural enemy resources and ecological environment have been protected, and technical guarantees have been provided for effective control of the outbreak and sustainable management of nocturnal moth in Yunnan.
At present, Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, and has not caused widespread outbreaks and disasters. The prevention and control work has achieved milestones.
In the next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreaks, breaking through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology systems.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network sites and demonstration zones abroad, so as to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capability of Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins with panda characters at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
There are two gold and silver commemorative coins in this set, including one gold commemorative coin and one silver commemorative coin, all of which are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the front design of the set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Beijing Temple of Heaven, and the name, year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo" are published.
On the back of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda. The words "8g Au.999", the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
On the back of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda. The words "30g Ag.999", the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
According to the report, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 8 grams of pure gold, with a diameter of 22 millimeters, a denomination of 100 yuan, a color of 99.9%, and a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 30 grams of sterling silver, with a diameter of 40 millimeters, a denomination of 10 yuan, a color of 99.9%, and a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd., and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China has embarked on a development path that is in line with its national conditions.
China News Agency, Beijing, September 27. The Information Office of the State Council of China released the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" on September 27.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and achieved development achievements that attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper said that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing". Generations continue to strive, and pay unimaginable hard work and sweat. It relies on the spirit of "carrying their own burden", regardless of prosperity or adversity, not exporting problems, not passing on contradictions, not trying to develop themselves by buying, selling and plundering other countries.
According to the white paper, China has developed in its interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's path is in line with China's national conditions and adapted to the requirements of the times.
China has taken concrete actions to safeguard world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict, and has not encroached on an inch of other countries' land.
The white paper pointed out that in the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and follow this path unswervingly.
This is a path that is based on the national conditions of the country, puts the interests of the people first, reforms and innovates, seeks common development in opening up, and comprehensively governs the country according to law.
China's size is huge, its national conditions are complex, and the difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper said that in the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
In particular, since the 18th CPC National Congress, China has made historic achievements and made historic changes in its development. The Chinese nation has made a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong. It is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright prospects for development as the times advance.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration".
On the 27th, at the 2019 2nd World Cloth Merchants Conference held in Ke Qiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration".
The declaration pointed out that, facing the future, relevant countries adhere to openness and synergy, science and technology drive and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
This World Cloth Merchants Conference brought together about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the path of sustainable development and win-win cooperation in the global textile industry around the trends of the textile industry in the world economic landscape.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division of labor, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development. The development concept of "technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "If the industry is to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it needs the active participation of global textile workers, their respective strengths and shared interests."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration", which jointly expounded the goals and vision for the development of the global textile industry.
The "World Cloth Merchants Declaration" states that, facing the future, relevant countries will adhere to openness and synergy, continuously promote industrial and market connectivity, and jointly enhance the development level of the industrial chain. They will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capabilities of the industry. They will make a leap in cohesion and fashion, give full play to the role of textile and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the publication of the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration" will help all countries jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
As an example, Loureno Bartholomei said that the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end ready-to-wear products, while Ke Qiao has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this cloth merchants conference, we also look forward to establishing contacts with Ke Qiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more opportunities for cooperation."
As the venue of the World Cloth Merchants Conference, Ke Qiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading and opening up to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, Secretary of the Ke Qiao District Party Committee, said that Ke Qiao will use the conference as an opportunity to push the textile industry forward in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The median price of RMB, as measured by Reuters, is expected to have a counter-cyclical impact of 460 points near RMB7.0883.
According to the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism published by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the median price of the RMB against the US dollar is expected to open near RMB7.0883 on Friday, a depreciation of about 154 points from the previous day.
The Chinese yuan closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar at sight last day, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of the midpoint move today reflect the impact of market supply and demand. A further 27 points of decline reflect the points needed for an overnight basket of exchange rates to remain essentially unchanged. A further 460 points of increase reflect the impact of "countercyclical factors".
Reuters measured the median price of the renminbi against the US dollar at 7.0947 yuan, a deviation of 218 points from the actual value announced by the foreign exchange trading center.
Last day Reuters measured the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index at 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively, according to the median price published by CFETS.
The completion of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the tallest building in northern China, has created more than 100 national patent achievements.
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, which was independently developed by the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of the Eighth Bureau of China Construction and won the Global Award for Excellence in the Engineering Construction Industry.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The total floor area of the project is 390,000 square meters, four floors below ground, 100 floors above ground, and the building height is 530 meters. It covers Grade A offices, luxury apartments, ultra-five-star hotels, etc., and will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex when completed.
According to the relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of the Eighth Bureau of China Construction, the total amount of steel used for the project is more than 70,000 tons. About 376,000 meters of high-altitude welds are equivalent to the height of 42.5 Mount Everest. Welding wire can be used to circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components is 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project are unprecedented.
Industry insiders said that Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center has taken the lead in implementing building information model (BIM) management in all aspects of skyscraper projects that have been built or are under construction throughout the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three full BIM application" model with full participation, full professional application and whole process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on the high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and unerring verification, and then carried out physical construction, thus nipping in the bud the problems that may arise from demolition and rework in previous construction projects.
In 2017, the BIM innovation of the Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project won the first prize in the construction group of the Global Award for Excellence in the Engineering Construction Industry at the Global AU Master Meeting and the 2017 Global Award for Excellence in the Engineering Construction Industry.
In the course of the construction of the project, the project department created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation of the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only made all the complex and diverse construction links a success, shortening the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th joint patrol and enforcement of the Mekong River between China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand was completed.
Reporters learned from the press office of the Yunnan Public Security Bureau on the 27th that at 15: 30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th Sino-Lao-Maine Mekong joint patrol and law enforcement successfully docked at the Chinese port of Guanlei, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched at the port of Guanlei on the 24th. It lasted four days and three nights. A total of 136 law enforcement officers and six law enforcement boats were sent from the four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Laos Banxiangguo and Meng Mo.
In addition, China has sent a team of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border guard companies of the Lao People's Army to carry out the exchange of police actual combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response capability of law enforcement personnel from both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand. They briefed each other on the recent situation of countries in border management, combating drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin. They held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and reached a consensus. They also held cultural exchanges among the four countries, and conducted competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war.
The relevant person in charge of the water patrol team of the Yunnan Public Security Bureau said that after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission to enhance the warning rate of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The Thai commander said that since the launch of the joint patrol and law enforcement on the Mekong River, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have made close contacts, deepened practical cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in various fields, including law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
We hope that the quadripartite law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition to reaching any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program on the 25th.
The Iranian Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Khatami as reporting that any agreement reached with the United States on Iran's "missile force" would undermine Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders all support improving the missile program.
Iran reached an agreement with the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear deal with the United States in order to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
After meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to participate in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear deal, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
Zhang Ziyi of the 2019 Tokyo International Film Festival is the head of the judging panel.
As the only Chinese-language film, "Under the White Cloud", directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. Together with 13 other shortlisted films, it will compete for the Golden Kirin Award, the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Tao Li Manchu". It tells the story of an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple who have a certain life dilemma due to their different life pursuits. It is starring Mongolian actors Jiji Mutu and Tana.
It is understood that "Under the White Cloud" held two global premieres during the festival. The release dates were October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held at the Roppongi, Hibiya and other venues in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5 this year. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the festival held a press conference and officially announced the main competition unit for the Golden Kirin Award, the "Future of Asia" unit, the "Special Hospitality Works", Japanese Cinema Splash, and "World Focus".
The person in charge of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese entry film "Under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi served as the chairman of the international judges of the main competition unit of the festival.
The "Future of Asia" unit has three Chinese-language films.
In a series of units at the Tokyo International Film Festival, it is second only to the "Future of Asia" unit of the main competition film. Although there were only eight shortlisted films, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
Two Hong Kong films are "Baby's Revenge" directed by Lu Yi-xin, "Mai Lu Man" directed by Huang Qingxun, starring film emperor Guo Fucheng and film queen Miriam, and a mainland film is "The Knight of Summer" directed by Yue Xing.
In addition, "Ice Peak Storm", a Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Guang Shi, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be released at this festival as a "special hospitality work".
Alice, the spokesman of the festival and "Goddess", was absent from the press conference for some reason and delivered a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, Yukang Ando, President of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who took office in August this year, the director of the festival, Yoshiro Hisamatsu, and the film selectors of various units made speeches on the stage, introducing the purpose of the festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, Yoji Yamada, director of the opening film, "The Story of Yin Jilang: Welcome Back", two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, Masayoshi Tsukuka ("Balobola"), Gentry Ashikaga ("Comedy Love Wife"), as well as renowned playwright and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima, also made an appearance at the press conference.
The international panel of judges for the main competition unit is composed of five members. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Knoll, and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Imaging Market), held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held at the Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center in Ikebag from October 22 to 24. This year, a record 401 groups will set up stalls. In particular, the number of exhibitors from China reached 90, a jump of 6.4 times compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specifically designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day (CHINA DAY)", held a number of lectures, seminars, etc., and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in related activities. The welcome dinner that evening was also jointly hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and the expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base began.
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (Reporter Li Qianwei). The panda base will be able to accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The expansion of the "Panda Planet" and the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base was officially launched in Chengdu on September 25, which means that the planned "Panda Capital" project in Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, Chengdu's "Panda Capital" consists of three regions, namely, Beihu District, Dujiangyan District and Longquanshan District, with an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan organically combines the ecological and cultural values of the giant panda with the urban construction of Chengdu's beautiful and livable park to create an ecological home for the giant panda.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake District, covering an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X" will be formed.
One core attraction is the renovation and expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; N cultural tourism consumption scenarios, namely, Panda Town, Easy Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure facilities.
After the renovation and expansion of the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu. It will be generally positioned as a world-class panda conservation demonstration site, where people and animals share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 pandas and their associated animals (baby pandas and golden snub-nosed monkeys).
According to the China Voice News and Newspaper Digest of the Central Radio and Television Station, over the past few days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary, and highly appraised the achievements of New China's development and its significance for global development.
In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the Central Radio and Television Station, President Keita of Mali said that he has visited China many times, and that China's development achievements over the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed in everything, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy Birthday, Bless China!
Prime Minister Motley of Barbados said: Happy Birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25), envoys and representatives of international organizations in China from more than 130 countries visited the "Great History and Brilliant Achievements - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: I personally saw the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy. Compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, there has been too much progress.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held a variety of activities in the region to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent sincere wishes to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would launch the trial operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned "Class 4" fully self-driving taxi team, on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving startup Xiaoma Zhixing also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded in various places.
Since 26, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a dedicated website.
A "safety officer" is provided on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The number of roads offered for trial operation will be 50 km by the end of 2019. It is planned to extend to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Red Flag EV" of China FAW Group, equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Program" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program was attended by more than 150 enterprises, including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Invida of the United States.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest online car service provider, Drip Travel, announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai during the year.
Competition for self-driving development in China may become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars have suggested that "uncertain times" require Taiwanese businessmen to keep up with the development of mainstream industries on the mainland.
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei for two days on the 26th and 27th.
A number of Taiwanese business representatives and scholars were invited to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business and Management and co-sponsored by Qunyi Jinding Securities, the Distinguished Mainland Taiwan Business Association and other organizations.
The two-day meeting was divided into a number of seminars on transformation and upgrading model, business strategy and so on. More than 100 people attended the meeting.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Business and Management, said that trade frictions between China (mainland China) and the United States continued, and Taiwanese businessmen faced "uncertain times".
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developing on the mainland, paying particular attention to innovative products related to the fields of technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen attached great importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above conditions for Taiwanese businessmen are no longer sufficient at this time.
He pointed out that Taiwanese enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extended services and life product services.
In addition, "service appreciation" is also a new area that Taiwanese businessmen can vigorously develop.
During the speech session of representatives of Taiwanese businessmen, Xu Wentang, Chairman of Taiwan Merchants Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd., from Guangdong, introduced that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties as a result of the sharp drop in orders. The Group began to improve its business conditions in a number of directions, including adjusting its structure and activating its assets.
It took three years for enterprises to achieve revenue by taking away the traditional electrical appliance business, transforming the automotive electronic equipment and moving into the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, General Manager of Sun Shen (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it would be better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is nothing more than poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, few varieties and integrity issues. As long as these six points are resolved, together with timely transformation of production lines and expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwanese Businessman Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business and Management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, General Manager of Golden Earth Company, whose operations center is located in Shanghai, was awarded the "Outstanding Taiwanese Businessman and Cross-Straits Contribution Award".
New regulations for consultation: Social capital must be qualified to acquire rural land management rights.
Social capital must be qualified to acquire rural land management rights.
The "Administrative Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" for public consultation is intended to supervise the transfer of industrial and commercial enterprises and other social capital to acquire land management rights.
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice on the "Administrative Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Revised Draft for Consultation)" (hereinafter referred to as "Draft Opinions") for public consultation, increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to acquire land management rights.
The Draft Opinion is now open to the public for comments.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly amended Rural Land Contracting Law, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the "three rights division" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Administrative Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Contracting and Management Rights" and formed the "Draft Opinions".
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that there were a number of important amendments to the "Opinion Draft" published for the first time.
The newly amended Rural Land Contracting Law clarifies the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "division of three rights", sets up "land contract management rights" and "land management rights" respectively, and makes a clear distinction between the transfer of land contract management rights, the exchange of land management rights and the transfer of land management rights (lease, subcontract, share ownership or other means).
In this Draft Opinion, in order to implement the concept of "division of three rights", effectively respond to the main thrust of the revision of the Rural Land Contracting Law, and take into account the great differences between the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract and management rights in terms of parties, procedures, supervision, etc., this revised draft defines the scope of the transfer, focusing on the transfer of land management rights.
Separate administrative measures will be issued for the transfer and exchange of land contract and management rights.
The Draft Opinion pointed out that in the context of "division of three rights", farmers only take a stake in land management rights for a certain period of time.
Theoretically speaking, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, there is only a risk that farmers will lose their management rights for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer necessary in legal theory to provide for the return of contracted land to the original contractors, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to guard against the risk of farmers losing land, methods such as preferred stock, pre-lease stock, repurchase and so on have emerged in practice.
Considering that preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocacy provision to guard against the risk of losing land.
