State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises have entered the old regions of the South revolution.
From 26 to 27 September, in order to deepen the results of the "Everything Everything, Live the Mission," the Central Military Integration Office, the National Directorate of Defence, the National Federation of Business Unions.
Deputy Director-General of the Central Military Integration Office, Kim Yong, Deputy Minister of Central Command, Secretary of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Deputy Vice-President Xu Lejiang, Director of the National Defence Services Directorate
Among the enterprises participating in the research activities were 8 military workers group companies, such as China Space Science and Technology Group Ltd., 10 civil-owned enterprises such as the Hunan Natural Metals Research Institute, and 15 leading private enterprises.
During this period, researchers visited the Memorial Park of the Central Red Army Chiefs, remembered revolutionary priests, received revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult journey of the Red Army Chiefs and conducted a field study.
During the colloquium on research activities, a number of states and municipalities presented their unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Vehicle Industries Group Ltd., China Steel and Technology Group Ltd., Sieon and Defence Technology Ltd., Wang Jiang Yongmagnetic Ltd. Will continue to promote high-quality industrial upgrading.
This research resulted in a better understanding of the unique industrial development advantages of the former South Revolution, the identification of priorities for economic and social development at this stage of the revolution, the consolidation of State-owned and private-sector services, and transformation.
Comprehensive enforcement ahead of the Beijing market regulator Essential stabilization of commodity prices
In order to strengthen the enforcement of pre-festival market regulations, the China-New Network Radio (journalist Duyan) inspected more than 2,000 households of business owners on the eve of the National Day.
Inspections have shown that marketed food, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and other basic necessities are well supplied, that commodity prices are generally stable, that serious irregularities are not detected and that the market order is generally stable.
Today, journalists have been informed by the Beijing Market Regulatory Authority that it conducts "Integrated Law Enforcement Inspection Days" throughout the city, concentrating on prices, trades, quality, food, commerce, all elements of overall enforcement, GEF.
According to the presentation, five law enforcement units, such as the Beijing Market Regulatory Authority, on prices, trades, jails, pharmaceuticals, commerce and so forth, work closely together and are led by law enforcement officials
During the inspection, law enforcement officers focused on the inspection of price behaviour, advertising campaigns, food safety, metrology standards and production safety systems.
The District Market Superintendents also synchronized joint enforcement inspections, involving more than 1,600 law enforcement officers and over 2,000 operators, which revealed that the market was able to sell food, meat, fruits, vegetables, etc.
According to the Beijing Market Regulatory Authority, emergency compliance will be strengthened during the national celebrations, market inspections will be carried out on a continuous basis, various market regulatory issues will be dealt with expeditiously under the law, and the legitimate interests of consumers
Exemplified by the Chinese-Chinese competition "China in my heart" of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia.
The "China in my hearts" essay competition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the new China was inaugurated and awarded on 26 June at the Congon College of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia.
The honorary guest was awarded by the Chinese Embassy diplomat in California, the representative of the Council of Governors of Cambodia and the President of the Chamber of Commerce of Jiangsi of Cambodia, Wei Wei.
According to a presentation by the Lieutenant-General of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia, the competition lasted two months and was attended by Cambodian primary, secondary and university students (including social workers).
The Chinese Embassy diplomat in Cambodia joined the law by awarding the award-winning certificate to Guorina, the first prize winner of the first class of university laureates, the first class of primary and secondary schools.
Diktu indicated that the prize was presented separately from the university group and the second class of primary and secondary schools and invited Cambodian senior Chinese experts to form evaluation committees, through initial, review, final review, and final university group 1.
The first-class laureate of the University said that he had been studying Chinese for 15 years and had had a great impact on himself.
Through the essay competition, it was a word describing the welfare of Cambodia and the traditional friendship between Cambodia and Cambodia, and it was to be hoped that the younger generation would continue to build a brick of friendship between China and Cambodia.
The figure shows the guest and winner.
Guo Rina, the first winner of the group of primary and secondary schools, said that, as a Chinese overseas, he had the opportunity to express the sentiment of "China in the heart" through the language of his country.
The sponsor indicated that the competition had not only created a positive atmosphere in relations between China and Cambodia, but had also attracted an increasing number of Cambodian scholars to study Chinese and study in China.
The 26-day report of the United Nations Agency for International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) states that Iran has started to accelerate the production of enriched uranium using advanced centrifuges, in further violation of the nuclear agreement with the world community.
Integrated external media reports, IAEA reports that advanced centrifuges at the Natanz nuclear facility in Iran "are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
Since the withdrawal of United States President Tranp from the nuclear agreement last May and the imposition of sanctions against Iran, Iran is progressively violating the restrictions of the nuclear agreement reached with the major Powers in 2015.
Under the agreement, Iran can only refine uranium with the first-generation IR-1 centrifuge.
Other signatories to this agreement, the United Kingdom, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
It also reported that, in the afternoon of 25 days of local time, the Foreign Ministers of the United States of America in New York and the Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov confirmed that the politics of the four northern islands would be advanced,
This was the first consultation with Russia as the head of the negotiations on the conclusion of a peace treaty, following the assumption of the post of the President of the Russian Federation.
The Russian side expressed its "desire for effective consultation, including the promotion of common economic activities (on the four northern islands)."
According to the Government of Japan, there was no detailed discussion on the Territory during the talks.
At the Japanese-Russian summit in December 2018, the approach of the Foreign Ministers of the two countries as leaders to accelerate negotiations was confirmed.
During this meeting, the Foreign Ministers welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the areas of tourism and garbage disposal.
"Hoping for a successful implementation that will lead to the next step."
In addition, the meeting confirmed that Lavrov would coincide with the visit of the G-20 (G20) Foreign Ministers' meeting to be held in Nagoya City in November.
Tuooneta was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa: On 27 November, the Tongan Parliament of the South Pacific elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pahiva Tuonetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing.
According to the main Tongan media, MATANGI, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
On that day's parliamentary poll, Touonetoa won 23 votes to defeat his competitor, the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Infrastructure and Tourism, Seissi Seka, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of executive, legislative and judicial powers.
Tuyonetoa also needs to be appointed by the King.
The next Tongan Parliament elections will be held in 2021.
The female platoon is expected to guard the coronal World Cup ahead of schedule!
On 27 July, in a competition against the Dutch women of the RUF, the Chinese team was pulled back to the town with two wins, culminating in the winning of nine wins in the Netherlands at 3: 1.
The programme of the World Cup was nearing its end and, while the corner was on the horizon, Chinese women continued to be comfortable in the face of the Serbian team.
In the first two places of the competition with the Netherlands, Chinese women outperformed as strongly as ever, leaving two cities at 25: 19 and 25: 16, respectively, until the third place, where the workforce suffered setbacks.
The Dutch women, who were lagging behind, had become more aggressive, and the Chinese team had been hit and the girls had attacked their heart, and the mistakes had begun to increase and had eventually been shaken by 21: 25.
In the interview, the latter also stated: "The third place, because we sent approximately 8 minutes as a result of the error."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women cannot be overemphasized, as is the difficult preparation before the Chinese women's race, which, although lost, is still in the hands of the groom, "and the winning.
In the fourth place, the team members were active in adjusting their status, and Zhang Yongsin was at the end of the offensive, with eight minutes on the side to win for the balloon.
To date, only two rounds of the 11 round of confrontation have been left, and while one of the Chinese women's squads has touched the championary cup, the key clock in the competition against the RUF is.
In another competition on 27 days, Russian and American women were full of five places, and the United States team was unable to take three points from their adversaries, so that Chinese women could take three out of the march in Serbia.
Various developments were taking place in favour of Chinese women.
However, while the six main elements of the Serbian brigade are well known, this does not mean that they will send three thirds easily to the Chinese team.
Instead, in the form of the current build-up, the Serbian brigade has largely no billboards, which means that they can "pick up light" in competitions against Chinese women and put up the burden to shock.
In addition, the replacement Serbian brigade was not a scapegoat, which had been overshadowed by five battles with the Dutch army and the final 3: 2 Serbian squad, which had reversed the Netherlands's overall.
Prior to the opening of the third phase of the competition, Mr. Laing also stated that neither team was well prepared: "The Osaka competition will be very difficult and we will be prepared as carefully as we have done in the past."
The corner corner of the coronal corner has now blown up, and the competition has actually entered the "pyrolysis phase."
The argument is that Chinese women are at the hands of each other, but only at the last critical juncture, depending on whether the girls are able to perform their normal level and to release themselves at the playing field as soon as possible.
The University of Macao has held the Second Macao stem cell seminar today (27), which brings together more than 100 specialists from countries and territories such as the United States, Singapore, the interior, Hong Kong and Macao to explore.
The Vice-Chancellor of Australia (Research) expressed his strong view that the medical value of stem cell research equipment was also one of Australia's major scientific projects and that the seminar helped to advance research and development in the field of stem cells.
Greater indicated that Australia, as a leading international comprehensive university in the West Bank in the Bay of Australia region, was committed to building a base for talent development and a centre for science, technology and innovation in the Great Bay region.
The workshop brought together research experts from offshore and off-shore stem cells to share state-of-the-art technologies that will contribute to Macao's stem cell research and development.
The Director of the Australian Institute of Health Sciences, Duncan, said that his country had been increasing scientific innovation and transformation in recent years, increasing the number and quality of literature and achieving fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the conference, a group of eminent scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technologies for stem cell research.
Faculty of Secondary Sciences and Columnnnan University of Science and Technology Dynamics Demonstrate, Faculty of Anthropological Science. Study of monkeys and human embryos, Shanghai
The Vice-President (Research) of the Australian Institute of Health Sciences and the Assistant President Chen Nakai and the Vice-Professor of the Chinese Institute of Medicine also presented their most recent important findings in Spring.
The Second Macao stem cell seminar was organized by the Macao University Institute of Health Sciences and co-sponsored by the Macao University Institute of Medicine and the China National Priority Laboratory for Quality Studies at Macao University.
The seminar included 11 academic reports on embryonic development and organizational formation, conversion medicine, institutional research and conversion applications for stem cells, biological materials and applications.
The workshop was very lively, with participants actively discussing and sharing up-to-date research and views on relevant technologies.
Mr. Chee indicated that the workshop provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Gulf region and beyond, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony for the award of the State Medal and the State Honour of the People's Republic of China will be held in New York.
With the central approval of China, the ceremony for the award of the State Medal and State Honour of the People's Republic of China will take place on 29 September at 10 a.m. in the Hall of the People's Assembly.
The Commander-in-Charge of China, the President of the State, the President of the Central Military Council and Lieutenant General will give the Order of the Republic, the Order of Friendship, and the National Honor, respectively
With the central approval of China, the ceremony for the award of the State Medal and State Honour of the People's Republic of China will take place on 29 September at 10 a.m. in the Hall of the People's Assembly in Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic."
:: The Order of the Republic, which is based on the monuments of the Red, Gold and Prosperity of the Nation, the Prophet of the Prophet of the Nation, the Great.
This is the "Order of Friendship."
The "Order of Friendship" is guided by the principles of gold, blue, peace, earth, horse, beauty and so on. The chain uses Chinese walls, banners, oyams, etc.
This is the Medal of the National Honours.
The national honorary prize is based on the red, gold-dominated manoeuvre of the Chinese prize, which uses the manoeuvre of God, the oyen, the angle, etc.
The award ceremony will be broadcast live by the Central Radio and Television Service, the New Wall Network, the People's Network, the Central Focus News website, the China Network and the People's Daily Client, New Vision Client.
Stoltenberg, in his speech to the United States military college in the West, said: "Over the past 70 years, NATO's containment and defensive measures have been based on the preservation of technological advantages."
He said, but the times were changing.
Stoltenberg said: "We are experiencing increasing competition.
We should therefore redouble our efforts now to be sure that we will not be overtaken. "
He said: "Some new technologies have not been developed by NATO member States, but by dictatorships.
Chinese companies are studying the 5G network.
Russia has invested heavily in the development of independent Internet and in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypervelocity missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that NATO's future security "depends on its ability to understand, receive and apply state-of-the-art technologies."
On 24 September, "a boat ticket brought me to see" Eve Availance took place on the edge of the Great Shaitus, where more than 100 handicapped people were invited to join the Austien.
Most of the more than 100 persons with disabilities who participated in the event went to the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zheng, aged 56, is a disabled person with little access to the door due to the inconvenience of the two feet.
He said: "Today, for the first time in a cruise ship, near-distance appreciation of the richness of the river, feeling the pulse of the long sand's development, the passion and the mood."
Volunteers from the Fokang Social Services Centre and the Blue Astronomy Rescue Team in Long Shah provided minor services to persons with disabilities.
In particular for those who have severe physical disabilities, volunteers are on their way to and from the cruise.
According to the Director of the Fokang Social Workers' Centre, with the support of the Party and the Government over the past 70 years, there has been a growing number of persons with disabilities becoming real participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social development.
The Republic is celebrating its seventieth anniversary, with the truncated light of the various circuit media that gives us a less visible image at a great deal of time and a flash light -- it is they who bring to us.
However, the heroes, if they walk, seem like me.
Luncheon, luncheon, luncheon, luncheon, luncheon, luncheon, luncheon, nightmah, luncheon
As long as they are immersed in the minds of the outsiders, they can easily be able to live, to live, to live, to live, to live and to live.
As was the case in the minds of Kim, the monastery of the Shan Temple, which was shocked by the cabinet, was shocking, disgraceful and uncomfortable.
Every "pair," every barehead, behind which there is a homemaked home.
Home nations are responsible, not only in the hands of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
I did not want to be a heroic and I would like to be a man on the road when a woman's middle school was swamped by a cynical friend, "when the heroic road passed."
Indeed, there is no contradiction between heroes and heroes.
People on the side of the road are also conveying heat and light, and they are also light-sighted.
As you have said to me, Ping always has some periphery in his lifetime, some instantaneous times, a build-up of time, and is also shaping heroic paradigms.
The best judge of Shanghai, Zou Bishop, who was charged with the task of judicial reform, brought his story to the podium at the annual meeting and received numerous newspaper letters a year, "Zou Bishop,"
This is a passion between heroes, and it is a heroic who praise another.
There is a monastery with a cabinet of monasteries, an extensive rice field in Yuan Longyang, a "daylight" in the south, a stage in Qin, a gesture and heroes
For example, "Chinese daylight," it now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, the scientific and technological community of China was still struggling to climb down, and Liu Chin, a young writer, had yet to write the Triad.
The best "eye" at that time was the United States single-calibre radio telescope in the Puerto Rican valley, Arresibo, 350 metres diameter, which was considered to be the largest in the world.
At that time, the Chinese telescope was less than one tenth in diameter than the man's home.
On the other hand, the southerners of Japan, who enjoy world-class scientific conditions and salaries, insist on returning home to the almost fanatical idea of building a new generation of radio "great telescope" in China
If China is eating, how much money is spent on play stars?
The motherland's trust in the south and the Middle East was inaugurated by the vastness of the "daylight" project.
The site was selected for 12 years, and it was set aside for another 9 years.
With 500-metre-calibre "daylight," China has become a "world-unique scientific project," with no precedent.
So there is no "daylight," and the people of the South are unable to do so, and there is no republic with great capacity and high standing.
With the trust of the State and the goodwill of its nationals, the people of the South have been placed on the verge of being the soul of the nation.
A country with young talents, white heroes and easy popular grasp along the road is perfect and harmonious.
Education on garbage classification predates the Guilin kindergarten Efforts of environmental conservation from childhood
On 27 July, a garbage classification education course was held in a kindergarten in the city of Gilin, Jilin province, to teach young children to identify recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It was reported that this was the first time that the waste classification entered the local early childhood education classroom.
The work programme on promoting the classification and disposal of municipal waste at the local level in the province of Jilin was recently launched jointly by nine departments in the province of Jilin.
In 2019, on the basis of a pilot project on the compulsory classification of household waste in the city of Long Spring, the province decided to undertake work on the classification of household litter in local municipalities.
The city of Jilin is one of these.
Through this event, we hope to achieve a child-led family, kindergarten-led society and promote the concept of environmental protection.
The event was moderated by Mr. Liu Rice, Executive Director of the Pontifical International kindergarten.
On the same day, the head of the campus read out an environmental initiative in the hope that the classification of garbage would begin with the child.
After performing the "Low Carbon Bebe" dance, the children were divided into small games for the classification of garbage.
Instructors have also issued "recyclable" "other garbage" labels, recommending that children return home and stick the label to the garbage drums and record small videos.
Ms. Liu reported that the kindergarten had been promoting low-carbon, green-friendly ideas, with regular environmental lectures.
Waste dumps have also been set up at the garbage dumps on the campus, indicating the type of delivery.
Teachers teach children what can be recycled scavengers
According to preliminary statistics, urban waste generation in the province of Gilin in 2018 amounted to approximately 546.52 million tons, all of which were disposed of at the disposal site.
Of these, 329.29 million tons of sanitary landfills, 209.23 million tonnes of incineration and 80.01 million tonnes of integrated use processes.
After years of effort, all municipalities in the province have the capacity for the environmentally sound disposal of household waste.
A new generation of "Gilin for Local Urban Living Classification Work Program" has been developed that explicitly calls for further activities such as waste classification in schools, teaching materials, classrooms, and other activities, through the creation of garbage songs
According to data released from 27 September, global sales amounted to 110,000 7015 in August.
Sales in China declined by 21 per cent owing, inter alia, to inadequate delivery of new buses and reduced prices.
In Japan, domestic sales decreased by 6 per cent, with limited demand for shuttle shuttle shuttle in the run-up to the increased consumer tax in October.
Ma'ada's sales in China in August amounted to 17729.
In August 2018, there was also a 13 per cent reduction from the previous year and sales continued to decline.
China's exclusive principal SUV "Cx-4" sales decreased by 14 per cent.
The introduction of "Cx-4" in 2016 has been relatively long and the effectiveness of new vehicles has declined.
Reductions in prices as a result of strategies to increase brand value from a long-term perspective are also known to have a significant impact on sales.
Ma'ada's sales in the United States increased by 7 per cent to 27482 against 14 months.
In August, the vendor's business day was one more than that of the previous year, with the addition of "enhanced promotional activities such as advocacy" (Maputo), which led to an increase in sales such as SUV "Cx-5."
Domestic sales in Japan declined by 6 per cent to 14422.
It stated that the emergency buying prior to the increase in taxes "did not reach the level of the previous (2014)."
(C) Reduced sales of mini-trailers "Demio (DME)."
Death of Chirac Permanent political heritage
At the local time, on 26 June, former President Chirac of France passed away at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of a century of unprecedented change, the many political legacy left by this French statesman when he took office that year remains to be commended.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years in an extremely personal charismatic manner.
He inherited the spirit of the independence and independence of Dalits, as well as his strong support for European integration, and was a representative of the "European dream."
At the same time, he strongly advocated a multipolar and multilateralism in the world, a statesman with a strategic vision.
That is why the French media evaluated him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of the Oxfam Shirak's political assertions is against the United States-led war on Iraq.
Under his leadership, France, together with Germany, came under the pressure of the United States and was in the vanguard of the war.
One year after the outbreak of war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to an intensification of terror and make the world more dangerous.
Subsequent facts prove that the Chirac warning was correct.
The strategic thinking and choice of international political and global affairs in Chirac is undoubtedly very instructive in the face of the dilemma of European integration and the ever-heightened unilateralism of the United States.
Chirac is also a French politician with great familiarity and fraternity among Chinese.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the Gold Decade of Chinese-French Relations and, following his first election to the French presidency in 1995, promoted the rapid development of the Chinese-French relationship with the strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, China-France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and Chinese-French bilateral engagement entered an entirely new phase.
During the Hilac administration, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and cooperation between the two countries in a number of areas, including aviation, nuclear energy and rail transport, has made breakthrough progress.
The Chinese-French Year of Culture, initiated by Chirac, created a completely new model of cultural exchange in the history of Chinese and French.
The clock of Hilak's lifetime towards Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to the Chinese diplomat known to him, Chirac was able to make an accurate judgement of the history of the Chinese copper machine, even in the case of some of the poems of Hilakie and Dupu.
"Not to look at the pyramid does not really reach Egypt or Qin does not really go to China" -- this phrase comes from Hilak.
In a special visit to New Chinese journalist, Chirac said: "Western concerns about political and social development in China, the ecological implications of China's economic growth and China's political status at the international level."
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization and that its experience is sufficient to help it build ideas and values for harmonious development and to assume its long-term responsibility on the world stage. "
I also believe that China's renaissance will bring new and creative life to the world's culture and enrich it.
The Sites have died, but the political heritage and inspiration left by Chirac to the world will coexist with the world.
The Seventh China Computer Society Great Data Academic Conference was inaugurated in Wuhan on 27 October under the theme "Mathematical valley, smart future," with close to 1,000 experts in the field of big data research.
The conference, hosted by the Chinese Computer Society (CCF) and co-sponsored by the CCF Committee of Experts on Data and the China University of Science and Technology, organized 5 ad hoc reports and 188 Forum reports, established 33 thematic technical forums
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference, aimed at strengthening links and exchanges between scholars working in the field of big data and promoting multidisciplinary cross-integration and big data industry development, has evolved over seven sessions into the field of scientific research.
The Legislative Council of the HKSAR is co-sponsored by Members of Parliament against the Port-of-the-United States Bill
A co-statement was issued on 27 July by a part of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR, expressing strong opposition to the adoption of the Human Rights and Democracy in Hong Kong Act 2019 by the Foreign Boards of the United States Congress.
This statement, co-sponsored by 40 constituents, states that Hong Kong's rights are currently vested in the Hong Kong SAR Basic Law, including the maintenance of free trade ports and separate customs zones in the economic, financial, shipping, trade, tourism.
These rights are not delegated by any foreign Government or legislature.
Hong Kong has always been in strict compliance with international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, engaging in business with different countries and regions and engaging in cooperation in a wide range of related fields, with remarkable success.
The statement stated that the adoption of the bill by the Foreign Boards of the United States Chamber of Deputies was not necessary, but merely in response to the call of its pilots as a means of gross interference in Hong Kong's internal affairs.
The formed parliamentarians expressed their deep regret and strong opposition to this action by the United States.
The statement noted that Hong Kong was an important trading partner and the largest source of trade surplus for the United States.
Hong Kong's good rule of law, a fair and free business environment and a clean society make it a good choice for businessmen in the United States.
By adopting the bill, the United States would, in addition to fighting the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, further aggravate relations between China and the United States, without any benefit, to the detriment of others.
The statement stated that Hong Kong will continue to enjoy the rights and fulfil its obligations under the Basic Law through the implementation of the "one country, two systems" approach, as it has done in the past and unswervingly.
Hong Kong will continue to make its rightful contribution to the international community and to international trade, both in the past, in the present and in the future.
According to the European Times 26 days, reform of immigration policy will be discussed next week in both chambers of the French Parliament.
The President of France, Markronon, has recently stated that France is not in a position to "accommodate all," but at the same time is trying to "properly accommodate."
According to reports, Makeron tried to find a compromise path on immigration matters to mitigate the impact of the upcoming debate.
In his recent interview during the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, the United States of America, Maxon expressed the hope that there would be a genuine "two-pronged" approach to migration policy that would strike a balance.
Makeron said: "If France wants to be properly admitted (migrants), it will not be able to accommodate all."
Makeron cited four priorities of migration policy: Granting asylum status as soon as possible to refugees in need of protection; promoting more efficient integration of migrants; hosting and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement of people who did not.
Whether illegal migrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system was the topic most discussed in previous circles.
Makeron stated that he hoped that the system would be "assessed," but that it would not be eliminated, but would be subject to certain restrictions.
Following this statement by Markronon, the leader of the extreme right-wing "national union," in Le Ponte, argued that the Marclon's posture was "empty talk."
Members of the right-wing Republican party, the President of the Senate, Rachel, also expressed the view that immigration policies should be discussed in a "relaxed" but "realistic-to-face" manner, indirectly criticizing.
According to Wallo, member of the left-wing Social Party, France should "receive more and better" on migration issues and criticize Marcronon for the "mockery" of the topic.
It was reported that a new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act, which had been in place for one year, had led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time had failed to reassure the right opposition.
In the next general election in 2022, the topic of immigration policy would again be the focus of extreme right-wing attacks, and Markronon would need to make a difference on the issue, but it would also run the risk.
It is reported that migration policy will be debated in the lower house of the French National Assembly on 30 September and in the Senate on 2 October.
There are indications that China's Unit A is catching up with a "buy-back wave" and that many listed companies have rebought company shares with "real-money silver."
According to financial data service providers, Eastern wealth, as at 27 June 2019, the total amount of repurchase by stock-listed A had exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, lower), much higher than the same period in A
In response, the Chairman of the Shanghai Mercel Information Consulting Limited, Cheang Yang, stated that the overall valuation of the A market this year was low and that repurchase of shares at relatively low prices favoured greater market efficiency.
In addition, a well-developed stock buy-back system has also facilitated active equity buy-back by listed companies.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued implementing regulations for the repurchase of shares by listed companies, providing well-documented stock buy-back norms and guidelines.
In addition, according to media statistics, listed companies that have implemented increased buy-back schemes since this year have been concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronics manufacturing industry.
In addition, in terms of repurchase payments, six listed companies have rebought more than $1 billion this year.
Of these, the first is the Illy equities, which repurchase more than 5 billion yuan.
What would be the impact on the market of stock repurchase by listed companies?
The Vice-President of the China People's University School of Finance and Finance, Zhao Si, in interviews with New China Press journalists, stated that repurchase showed that listed companies had a stronger economic strength and better financial position, and
The former is based on good corporate business performance, while the latter requires higher qualifications for listed companies and their shareholders.
For capital markets, this is the most central underlying element.
The repurchase of stocks by listed companies serves to bolster investor confidence and supports the stock prices of listed companies.
The Oriental Securities Survey also estimated that, based on the expected stock repurchase by stock-listed company A as a whole since the beginning of the year, as well as the average value of repurchased equities, it is expected to surpass the A market this year.
Nearly two months later, the restoration of the monograph The Post-Tianjin Architecture, the national focal point, closed on 26 days and will be reopened during this year's national holiday.
The Post-Animal Monuments Map is a large traditional picture that fully reflects the soul of the mother.
With the approval of the relevant State authorities, it was prepared from 1991 to 1994 by the Rector of the Museum of Folklore (Post-Tianjin).
It is understood that the wall painted on the walls of Temple Now, North Palace, with a total length of 32 metres and a height of 2.6 metres, with a pair of 30 days and 30 yards.
In recent years, Tianjin's heavy rains and dry winter led to a breakdown of the wall painting, which in part accounted for 60 per cent of the total wall area.
In order to protect and salvage the monuments of the mother's ancestors, the Prefecture of Nancient Culture in the southern region of Tianjin and the Post-Day Palace initiated repairs.
The rehabilitation work was led by the Governor of Chuqué, in which four prominent national painters were invited to participate.
The repairs were based on the principle of "old and old," while the original wall paints were adjusted in part to complement those that were not perfect.
We have also made innovations and attempts in terms of colours, materials, laptops, etc.
As a result of the repairs, the old wall paints were maintained in the form of morale, spirituality and art.
The ancient Palace was built in 1326 and is known as the Lyon Palace, which has been renovated several times, is one of the oldest buildings in Tianjin City and one of China's oldest.
On 25 September, the launch ceremony at Beijing Barrier International Airport was repeated.
The construction of an apartment, "Phoeniacle," on the airfield building at Beijing Hill International Airport, was recognized as the top of the "seven miracles of the new world."
Currently, Beijing Capital International Airport is overstretched, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, the second year of global passenger traffic after Atlanta, United States.
By 2022, 45 million passengers and 20 per cent of international flights are expected to be flown at Beijing Barrier International Airport, and by 2025, 72 million passengers and 30 per cent international flights are expected.
(A) As the "new door," what is its cruelty?
Beijing Heixing International Airport, located between the emerging region of Beijing and the Guangzhou neighbourhood of Gagnam, is the largest new airport in the world today, with a direct distance of 46 km from Tiange.
The roof of its terminal with steel structures has a surface projection area of 180,000 square metres and 25 standard football fields are large.
Beijing Hurricane International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival floors and two departure layers -- F1-F4 -- for international arrivals, internal arrivals, internal exodus and international exodus.
Two-storey bridges linking high speed and the airport outside the terminal building, which correspond to the F3, F4-F4-International Station, respectively, are available on both layers within the country.
The era of Beijing's "two-way airport" was opened with the inauguration of the Seoul International Airport in Beijing.
New Airport is positioned as a major international airline hub, a new power source for national development, a Ganxing Regional Integrated Transport hub supported by the Yangon District. To date, 66 of these airlines are interested in,
In the winter season of 2019, Beijing Hurricane International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, of which 101 are domestic and 15 are international; it covers 112 international points worldwide, including 97 national ones.
This has resulted in a coordinated development of Beijing Capital International Airport, moderate competition, and a "two-hub" airport pattern with international first-class competitiveness, which has mitigated the urgent operational pressures of the capital's airport capacity and improved air.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Barrier International Airport took due account of geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment, using the first "one-way" layout in the country. Maximum
For the first time at airports of this size in the country, automated national luggage processing and information management systems have been introduced, and innovative baggage transmission models have been introduced to improve the efficiency of baggage system processing.
The shuttle of Beijing Hurricane International Airport boasts Phoenix to fly.
The creation of more than 40 new international and domestic airports with a nationalization rate of more than 98 per cent will inevitably have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industry in the surrounding region and inject life into economic development in Beijing.
Temporary November Congress in Mahua Proposed downgrading to 16 years of age
A Central Assembly of Representatives is tentatively scheduled to be held in early November, with a view to changing the age of party inward transfer to 16 years of age.
With the adoption by Congress of the lower voting age for the general elections, the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, had announced proposals to amend the party charter, which included a downward shift from the current age of 18 to 16.
The President of the General Council of Mava, Dato 'Sri Wei, said that the Central Assembly, which had originally been scheduled for 2 and 3 November of this year, was likely to change because of the by-election.
He said that, since the Electoral Commission would meet only on 1 October to finalize the date of nomination and polling for the Viceelection of Danbot Bin, they would meet the following day, 2 October, to discuss whether to change.
He also explained that the purpose of the Central Committee, which had been convened yesterday (26), had been to finalize the date of the Congress and amend the party charter, but only after the Aboriginal Unity Party Member of Parliament, who had lost.
Wang Berxiang, Secretary of the Eastern Hills District Council - Full Heart -- New Chinese Network in Hangzhou County
Wangxiang, Wangxiang, born in February 1943 and working in 1967, held successive positions of Commune Party Secretary, Commune Secretary, Mayor, etc.
In 1986, Wang Burmin was the governor of the Yongyang District of Handong Province, where the longevity was the poor district of the sheriff.
During its five years of service, Quebet Heart was the heart of the people, focusing on three things: Pushing the vegetable industry; the second on developing the beach of northern salt; and the third on industry.
Menu farmers have a menu tradition and lessons from it.
In the early 1980s, longevity farmers bought their vegetables but did not sell them in the ground.
The Queenburi study found that the key to grabbing vegetables was good circulation.
The longline pioneered the wholesale market for vegetables and opened the door to the development of a market economy.
The party cadres were to take the lead, strapped, and all the losses were incurred in the districts.
In 1989, 17 winter vegetable halls were run by 17 members of the party, such as Queen Yanju, with the support of Quebei, and 17 "two-way homes" were introduced in the village.
Since then, outreach teams have been set up in the districts and, with the mobilization of Wang Berger, Wang Chi has travelled to the communes; in the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable huts have been promoted.
For hundreds of years, 1.6 million acres of land, apart from saline beaches, have been blurred by shallow beaches.
The people on the ground live in very difficult conditions.
Is there a gallery of vegetables in the south and is it operating in the north?
There were hundreds of thousands of people who had fought in the General Assembly and had been buried on the desalination beach for a period of forty to five days.
The leaders of the Wang Birn and Canton were eating on the site, "as civilian workers," the breathing field, where the people saw them stretching their thumb and wearing their acres... "
In July 1986, Queenburi participated for the first time in an industrial meeting of the Bachelor City in his capacity as secretary of the District Council.
In the course of the meeting, a comparative table of industrial economic figures was issued for the 12 metropolitan districts, at first glance in terms of total industrial output, with a good longevity and fourth ranking.
However, if the original salt is removed, only 119 million yuan remains in the pure industrial production of the longevity light, the third penultimate.
Wang Bemberi, with more than 70 members of the telecom, ran to the field to "grasp the brain."
Less than a year back, 150 million yuan were invested in 77 projects across the district.
Every year since then, "pick-up missions" have been organized to gain access to sites such as Shenzhen, Tokyo and Shanghai.
There is a lack of businesses and even more a lack of entrepreneurs.
The Thematic Conference was held under the chairmanship of Wumpheri: In the public selection of the director of the plant throughout the district, 40 "talented people" emerged and were placed on the industrial front.
In 1991, Lifelong came into the ranks of the 100 districts of the country, where Queenburi appointed Vice-Mayor of the Bachelor.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable huts, 1.2 million acres of cotton land, salt land, shrimp pools, 4854 businesses and more than 100,000 "beautiful" beauty. "
On the ground, on 26 September, the State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs presided over the Foreign Affairs of China and the African States members of the Council at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The current African Council Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Côte d'Ivoire, Noo, Equatorial Guinea, Pandoor, South Africa, and Carla de Niger, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Tunisia, were present.
The Wang has made four proposals to strengthen cooperation between the Central African parties in the Council.
First, there is solidarity.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation was unilateralism, the direct consequence of which was a challenge to the basic norms of international relations and the impact of the role of the United Nations on the interests of a wide range of developing countries.
To meet this challenge, we need to work hand-in-hand, shoulder-by-shoulder and unite to be effective.
In the Council, when the three African countries speak with one voice, the focus is not just three votes, but on the African continent as a whole.
China and Africa stand together, not just with four votes, but with others to follow, influence and shape the Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Council, which should be fully utilized.
Secondly, disputes can be resolved through consultation.
China has been advocating political solutions to hotspots, with a good tradition of consultation in Africa and the experience of successful good offices of African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex challenges on the Council's agenda, particularly the hotspots in Africa, are mostly the scourge of colonialism, or are directly related to external factors.
Together, we want to make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and to play the role of the United Nations in good offices, mediation, etc.
Thirdly, self-reliance depends on self-reliance.
African countries and peoples know Africa's problems best, and Africa also has the capacity and wisdom to solve its own problems.
In addressing Africa's hot spots, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with non-parties and to resolutely advance capacity-building for African-owned peace operations.
Fourthly, development is fundamental.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries, and we will insist on putting economic and social development first and mutually supporting each other's chosen development paths.
China is ready to forge a "one-way-fits-all" partnership with the African Union Agenda 2063, the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development 2030 and African development strategies to help African countries strengthen their development capacities and address the root causes.
Together, we would like to promote greater United Nations investment in Africa's development.
With the resurgence of the Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, China has been and will continue to do its utmost to provide the human and material resources it can and is ready to coordinate its efforts with African countries to mobilize
Neonatal care, etc., is used to save small lives.
Risk!
The mother of the second child gave birth in advance and, on the way to the hospital, a 32-week prematurely luxury was born unexpectedly on the cousin of the father's father.
Fortunately, this small life was saved by the timely handling by obstetricians and neonatal doctors.
Interestingly, on 19, 20 and 21 September, the Maternal and Child Health Clinic in Hubei Province treated three early children on the road for three consecutive days, while the other two were born on 120 first aid.
She was a two-born pregnant mother, and at 0700 hours on 19 September she felt some pain in her stomach and thought that she had been pregnant for 32 weeks, and that the first child had been born prematurely.
At 0900 hours and a half hours, Ms. Chen was properly picked up and her husband was forced to walk from her home to the hospital.
As soon as the car was not expected to open its doors, the jewellery was unexpectedly born on the cars of the father's driver.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Chen and Gems finally arrived at the gynaecology and gynaecology building of the Mother and Child Health College in Hubei Province.
The hospital security officers, who saw panic couples and jewellery, immediately informed the maternity ward, with four doctors and midwife Liu Yanjin taking the bag and cord belt behind the building.
"At that time, half of the mother was lying on the driver of the car with sheep and blood, and a male baby was next to him, with a cord belt."
Zhang Jian learned that the jewellery was a 32-week-old birth, that parents could not afford the children to cover the parcels on their way, that he had cooled in early autumn and that he was crying.
When Liu Yanjian went to his deputy to treat the cord, he drilled from the driver's room, quickly opened the bag, packed the baby with the nearest wear and bag.
As soon as the neonatal doctor became aware of the information, he arrived at the nurse's post to save the prematurely jewellery.
At the time he was buried, suffocated and suffocated, he was immediately cared for by doctors for less than a minute, jewellery resuscitated and skin colour gradually returned to red and successful recovery.
After entering the compound, the 32-week-old jewellery had a breathing machine, sustained rescued and stable breathing, which was successfully evacuated the next day.
After a week of treatment, the life of precious stones is now stable, breathing and little breastfeeding has begun.
Interestingly, on 19, 20 and 21 May, the hospital's obstetrics and neonatal sections received three early births on the road for three consecutive days, and two were born on 120 first aid vehicles, currently 29 weeks.
The Director of Maternal and Child Health Clinic, Sun-Sun, highlighted that, in recent years, provincial mothers and children had taken care of a number of precious stones born on metro and private vehicles, a situation.
The Sun Director cautioned that pregnant mothers should go to hospital immediately in the event of diarrhoea, tetanus, etc.
As soon as the baby is on the basins at home or on the road, the mother shall be kept as stable as possible, with blankets on the hip, so as to prevent the baby from falling back to.
New Aeronautics Technology Company fully operational
VSTEA was established as part of the refinement of the memorandum of cooperation signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the arrival of Viet Nam's first consortium for the maintenance and repair.
Two first-class air technology companies in Viet Nam and Singapore cooperated to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
The company's consortium partner, ST Engineering Aerosps, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
The crux is convinced that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and will be the beginning of a cooperative relationship with wide prospects for the future.
According to ST Engineering Aerospace's Managing Director, Lim Serh Ghee, the extensive experience shared with ST Engineering will help the consortium to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines.
The birth of VSTEA contributed to the passage of the cruise into the market for the maintenance and repair of aircraft equipment, which has great potential, in a far-reaching direction.
At the same time, opportunities for access to modern technology and training of senior aviation technicians have been enhanced.
This will better meet the sustainable development needs of Viet Nam's aviation industry.
Research has shown that manufacturing has become a focus of global attention in major countries -- the New Wall Network
The National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform published the White Paper on the Global Innovation Index for Manufacturing in Aemblem prior to 27 September.
The White Paper shows that manufacturing has become a focus of attention for major countries around the globe.
The event was attended by journalists at the Forum on the Operation and Protection of Intellectual Property at the World Manufacturing Congress 2019 in Philadelphia.
The Forum focused on upgrading manufacturing in China from the macro level of policy interpretation and microperspectives of business practice, comprehensively exploring innovative initiatives for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in manufacturing, in-depth discussions on manufacturing intellectual property protection hot
The Forum invited the National Intellectual Property Authority, Chinese Academy of Sciences scholars and relevant national and international industry organizations, professional research institutions and experts to share experiences and advice on how to enhance intellectual property protection and promote the application of intellectual property rights.
At the Forum, the Onloi Market Supervisory Authority published a report on the Assessment of the Quality Analysis of Innovation Development in the Department of Patent Navigation, according to the Measurement of Advanced Development Index for Places 2018
The Forum was hosted by the People's Government of the province of Aemi and co-hosted by the Marketing Authority of the province, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
Many Olympic champions participated in the opening ceremony today at the Mid-Ridge Cosmodrome in 2019
The opening ceremony was attended by a number of Olympic champions Messengers and a group of young people to sit together on "I and my homeland"
The Chinese Cyberball Orchestra will take place today at the National Cyberball Centre, and the Committee will hold a short and luncheon opening ceremony, many Olympic champions and athletes before the evening.
In the next nine days, including the eleventh golden week, Beijing will return to the tide of the netball, and the national netball centre will be a good place for the festival of the fans.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Cyberball public competition has gone through 15 spring and autumn and this year is the sixteenth.
This year, the total award for the Cybergames also reached a record high of $1.16 million.
Among them, the total prize for women was $7.64 million, and the latter two monograph were 96 signatures, whereas the median wire was 60 signatures, as compared to the "Castes of Indives and
The total bonus of ATP500 for middlemen increased to $3.52 million from $3.4 million last year, while the bonus continues to be called ATP500 and ATP5 for the same week. ATP5
There will be a short and burdensome opening ceremony ahead of the first competition organized this evening at the Central Horizon.
This evening's opening ceremony will be attended by 10 leaders from all fields of China's sports, including the Olympic champions and world champions, in addition to leading, part-time players.
The opening ceremony was followed by the launch of the first WTA round of the Central Horizon, which was inaugurated in 2015 by Commander Phnom Penh, China, in Kassalinina, the second competition was launched.
The "beautiful unmarried man of the world" was betrothed!
According to the British newspaper Metro, on 26 June the White Phnom Penh Palace announced that British Princess Beatris and Mozi were married.
According to the information received, Mozi is a 34-year-old Italian billionne working mainly in real estate development.
Bitrus Minh (2020) will marry the real estate Great Hern.
Princess Biatrice is the fifth woman of British Queen Elizabeth II, Queen Andrew and former wife Sir Joke, Queen Shala Vagsson, who was among the world's oldest.
Baroness Joke published pictures of daughters' betrothal on social networking on 26 days and stated: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Bitriz and Mr. Morzi were married."
The British side indicated that the two men had been betrothed in Italy earlier this month.
The betrothal is photographed by the sister of Beatrice, Okinune.
In a statement, both stated that we were very pleased to share information about betrothal.
We are exhorted to be able to join hands on the journey of life, and we are forced to marry.
We have many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three minutes for a wooden?
On 27 Beijing time, the NBA Development Coalition announced a trial of a new ticketing code, each of which is carried out only once, with a score to be determined by the circumstances of the offence.
In the NBA Planet, Onil has a low probability of dying on the planet.
The new regulation provides for two points to be imposed for basket offences, three minutes for basket offences and one score for basket offences.
The last two minutes of the regular time and the gallery follow the previous rules of the ticketing.
Although the new season of this provision was piloted only by the NBA Development Alliance, there is greater concern among the fans about the impact on the current planners if it is scheduled to take place in NBA.
At this point in time, many believe that the new regulations may be in the interest of the "Great Hoots" Harden, while the finger ball is relatively less excellent, JJames, who will "suffer."
Wukhan propulsion industry intelligent upgrading grants up to 20 million yuan
On 27 July, the journalist learned from the Guizon New China Heart Games city series organized by the Government Information Office in Wuhan that, since this year, the city has accelerated its industrial smart transformation and implemented a maximum grant.
To date, information on intelligent adaptation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises has been collected.
The Deputy Director of the Wuhan Bureau of Economy and Informatics gave a red presentation, starting this year, Wuhan launched an action plan for intelligent upgrading of industrial enterprises, offering free consulting diagnostic services and solutions.
It is planned that the city of Wuhan will publicly select a professional diagnostic service every year to conduct a survey of intelligent rehabilitation needs for all industrial enterprises of all sizes of the city, including through special columns, questionnaires.
To date, information has been collected on the intelligent adaptation needs of more than 800 regulated industrial enterprises, accounting for nearly one third of industrial enterprises over the city.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams for "one-to-one" on-site assessments and programme validation in enterprises.
Zhang Red, the city is currently organizing 373 projects for the development of intelligent skinheads, a total investment of $29.76 billion for smart skinheads, the top 5GWW and Motorola
In addition, the city of Vukhan has increased its financial support for smart upgrading projects.
These include investment in the physical completion of intelligent upgrading of industrial enterprises, including investment in hardware of equipment, soft investment in research and development, with a transition subsidy of 8 per cent up to 20 million yuan.
At the same time, financial institutions, such as active syndication, Zhejiang and Wukhan branches, provide personalized financial services dedicated to the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises and contribute significantly to easing corporate financing.
(A) Do Trundo "collapsed," and could he succeed in his re-election?
This time, the "mass graves," which have plunged Trondo, were exhumed at one point by Trondo itself.
In recent days, the Canadian media have repeatedly exposed the old photograph of the current Prime Minister, Trudo, which portrayed himself as black.
This is considered to be a clear act of racial discrimination, leading to a dramatic wave of discrimination in Canada.
Following the incident, Trondo repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian population has not been able to buy money.
Tharundo stoned his feet.
As the political commentator Lelley et al. pointed out, since the rise of the anti-Black Facebook movement from the United States, Tirdo and FLP have been highly accusing opposition parties or dissidents. "
Simply put, this time Trondo was dragged out of a "mass grave," which was exhumed at one point by Trondo itself.
Trondo, a son of Canada's former Prime Minister, Pierre Trudo, a young elite who came out with a cyclone of "political episodes."
He was a "political figure" and, after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, broke out an unexpected bleak battle in the Canadian federal legislative elections in 2015 -- the Federal Liberal Party won half.
At that time, Trudo presented a number of deafness platforms, ideas and concepts, such as "ethnicity and gender" and "ecologically friendly" economic revitalization, "emphasizing the eradication of corruption and" bad winds. "
However, for five years in office, he had been "running down" in almost all of the above-mentioned areas.
In the case of "ethnicity and gender equality," aside from this "dark face" incident, he "hailed and did not reach out" on a series of Aboriginal issues, which led to the arrival of Native groups in Canada
With regard to the eradication of corruption, at the end of last year, Trondo was involved in the "Randanin incident" in boiling boiling.
It was exposed to a serious abuse by the construction engineering company of its home town, Lamanin, which pressured the authorities and officials responsible for the investigation to "raise the profile."
Moreover, as a result of the rivalry, Trudoo moved to the disclosing official, Quetti, as mentioned earlier, to the post of Attorney General of Canada when he took the lead in disclosing the abuse.
Although the case itself has doubts, it is difficult for its suspects to wash up.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of the five years of Trondo's administration was mainly the result of its "park crater," while the largest "crater" was "self-starter," and "
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Rede poll data show that, since 2015, the number of respondents supporting Toronto has fallen from over 60 per cent to over 30 per cent, while the number of opponents has risen from less.
Despite the same poor performance of other opposition parties and their leaders, even a significant proportion of those who still wish to vote for the Federal Liberal Party now do not think about the Federal Prime Minister and the head of the ruling party.
On 21 October, when the new Canadian federal legislative elections are about to begin, will Trondo be able to reinvent the theatre that won five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Difficulty.
Both at the level of enterprise competition, at the level of consumer experience and in terms of regional aviation integration, the desire to develop the integration dimension has far-reaching implications and positive implications.
On 25 September, Beijing Barrier International Airport was officially navigated.
Journalists from Nunjing learned from the Beijing City Commission that the capital airport was in a state of unsaturated operation and that the opening of the major emerging international airport would enhance the capital's air service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing became the second city with two airports in our capital city, with Shanghai Rainbow International Airport providing mainly domestic aviation services, Podong Airport, which is based on international shipping services, with the capital airport being different.
The movement of large and emerging airports has a more beneficial impact on the capital airport from the point of view of operational development.
While the capital airport exceeded 100 million passengers by 2018, the highest number in the country, there are still significant operational gaps compared to fast-growing operational requirements, in particular a large gap in international air traffic requirements.
In order to better serve domestic and foreign passenger tourism, travel, etc., and to adapt to the growing trend towards open and internationally connected cities in Beijing, JICA has been positioned as a major international hub, with a projected annual passenger traffic. 100 million tons
As a result, there is no overlap in the positioning of the two airports, targeting different client groups and having sufficient market space.
At the economy account level, it is clear that the navigation of major emerging international airports will have a win-win effect, easing tensions in Beijing's air traffic, accelerating the growth of passenger and cargo traffic and creating an increased eggs.
From the user's point of view, with the passage of major international airports, the future will not have to be concentrated at the capital airport, but will also reduce the range of problems associated with overly centralized routes, such as longer terminal.
Based on media estimates of multiple traffic times and costs to large international airports, such as shuttle from the southern Peninsula to high speed on high-speed airports, 50 minutes for motorcades and around $40 for oil
In general, there are a wide range of transport options available to residents at major airports, and costs and time are within a more reasonable range.
From a trend point of view: Greater Airport is positioned as a Ganxing transport hub, with a small distance from the Beijing metropolitan area, but with enhanced exposure to the northern and Tianjin regions.
In the future, Northern and Tianjin passengers will be able to benefit from additional international airline services provided at JICA, as can be seen in the planning of traffic at major emerging airports.
The concomitant transport facilities at major airports are very well developed and, in addition to the new airport lines, which are directly located in the Beijing metropolitan area, there are a number of highway links to and surrounding airports.
As is the case for urban passengers in Hiroshima, Buddhism and Far East to White Yun airport in Guangzhou through the Hiroshima highway, high-speed airfields will also benefit from.
It can be seen that the navigation of major emerging international airports is not just an increase in the number of runways and the number of aircraft, whether from the level of business competition, consumer experience or regional aviation integration, but also a far-reaching.
Thus, for the navigation of major emerging airports, we need to account economically not only for individual petty accounts, but also for overall development.
27 day small and medium panels 1.46% - New Wall Network
Shenzhen Shenzhen, a journalist, Zhao Shashi, opened on 27 September, eventually receiving 6077.23 points, a 1.46 per cent increase from the previous transaction log.
On that date, small and medium-sized sheeting amounted to 10.8 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan over the previous transaction log.
Out of 668 equities traded on a day-to-day basis, there was an increase of 668 equity billings and 15 equity increases, such as the promotion of creativity; 222 stock takeovers declined and surpluses
Viet Nam's Economic and Social Forum 2019 was held in Yukon Province
Nguyen Den, Deputy Director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Viet Nam, revealed that economic and social development in Viet Nam began this year with many new developments and continued to grow.
The Forum focused on the economic and social issues highlighted in the first months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by 2019 and 2020.
At the Forum, participants exchanged in-depth views and views on four themes, namely economic development in 2019 and the impact of part of the ATA, salient issues in Viet Nam's economy in 2019, prominent issues in Vietnamese culture.
There was general agreement that global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased in the first months of 2019.
Trade frictions among major economies have further reduced global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) found that despite the uncertainty of the global economy, with 70 per cent of the global economy stagnating in growth, Viet Nam's economic development had achieved many promising achievements, with macroeconomic stability, inflation effectively controlled.
While GDP grew by 6.76 per cent in the first half of 2019, down from 7.05 per cent in the same period last year, it remained high compared to the same period in the 2011-2017 period.
In anticipation of economic development trends in Viet Nam in 2019-2020, Dunder, Deputy Director of the National Centre for Economic and Social Projections, stated that Viet Nam's economy had shown a high growth momentum in 2019.
Viet Nam's macroeconomic stability is expected to remain generally stable by 2020, the implementation of the self-trade agreements will contribute to trade development, economic restructuring and improved business environment, and foreign export activity will decline as a result of trade friction.
There is therefore a need to strengthen early warning mechanisms for monitoring forecasts, to proactively seek trade relief measures for Vietnamese exports, to explore opportunities to expand new export markets and to facilitate the export of various commodities, including agricultural and water products.
At the same time, keeping inflation rates at a reasonable level contributes to the development of auxiliary industries and supports the development of high-tech, organic and ecological agriculture, among others.
The head of the Chinese Embassy's Consulate Office in Siem Reap held a reception in Siem Reap on 26 May to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the new China.
In its 70 years of existence, Liu Zhenjie said that China had actively participated in international affairs, contributing more to global economic governance and promoting common global development and China's programmes, making an important contribution to world peace and development.
Liu Zhenjie said that, as the world's second largest economy, China had contributed more than 30 per cent to world economic growth, particularly through the "one-size-fits-all" initiative, with deepening cooperation between Chinese provinces.
He said that this year had been the beginning of 61 years of China-Cambodia, with brotherly friendship between the two countries, and that mutually beneficial cooperation would be an engine of economic and social development on the ground.
The Governor of Siem Reap Province, Disseha, highly commended the great achievements of the new China over the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the results of their friendly cooperation.
Duseha looks forward to the parties continuing to work together to promote friendship and cooperation between China and Cambodia, to enhance mutual trust and to continuously improve the living standards of the people.
According to Siem Siem Reap Co-operation with Chinese Municipalities, Marketing Co-operation Roads to date with 28 Chinese provincial municipalities, Great Cultural Perspective, Siem Reap International, Siem Reap.
The State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Kennesson, President of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Governor of Region 5, Council of Cambodia Siem Reap, Volunteer Teacher, China Chamber of Commerce. Representatives
Witnessing the 10-year "cloud start" of China in clouds township - New Wall Network
If the 2009 Local Website Forum were to be used as a starting point, the 2019 Clouds Conference, held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 July, had gone through a full decade.
From the concept of "clouds" to the practice of "upper clouds," big data, cloud computing have emerged over the past 10 years as one of the core technologies underpinning China's economic development, social management and public.
In a new energy photovoltaic cell workshop in Zhejiang Hinin, a new "colleague" with the artificial intelligence of Ariyun was recently added to the body of the quality examiner.
It is available 24 hours, is more than twice as fast as manual and has a steady rate of quality check accuracy of over 95 per cent.
According to the head of the company, the "quality inspector," with cameras, had concentrated on more than 40,000 defective samples and had been able to quickly convert infrared images into secondary languages by using the cloud computing.
This enterprise is only a microcosm of today's cloud computing enabling manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics issued a Guide to Enhance Corporate Clouds Implementation (2018-2020), proposing a significant increase in corporate awareness and motivation by 2020, with a significant increase in cloud.
The founder of Ariyun argued that, today, data-centred cloud computing has created a bridge between data and the digital economy, which is a key element.
At the same time, our cloud computing industry has grown in size over the past 10 years.
The White Paper on cloud computing development (2019), published by the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications in July this year, shows that the overall market size of cloud computing in China in 2018 was 962.8 billion yuan, an increase of 39.2 per cent.
In addition to being a key technology underpinning industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly transformed urban management and social life.
At this year's cloud congress, the bright "city dignitaries" for the third consecutive year continues to be of concern.
According to the Ariyun side, urban brain has now emerged as a hub for urban management from transport governance, and collaborative applications have been extended to 23 cities around the world.
Through visual insight, artificial smart algorithms, urban brain is able to achieve new urban management service functions such as "Past Pay" and "Tourline design" in real time through strong computing capabilities.
In the area of government services, the combination of "one-way cloud" and "one-size-fits-all" has facilitated both sides of the supply of government services.
Currently, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform across the province through the Government clouds.
As at 11 September, the platform had covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, aggregating 3066 categories of 190.8 billion data.
The average monthly transfer and sharing of data between the Government of Zhejiang has reached 12 million, and the movement of data in "clouds" on more than one occasion may mean that the crowd does little leg.
Carefully use plastic tea to bud tea!
According to CBS, a recent Canadian study recently found that a plastic tea package could release billions or even billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics taken by a person throughout the year.
According to reports, researchers at the University of Margir in Canada found that plastic tea was immersed into a glass of almost cooked hot water (95 degrees Celsius) and that tea would release.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics taken by a person throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, people generally eat at least 50,000 plastic particles per year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
The study is known to be published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, where researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea packages at Monteret shop and café, opened tea bag and almost boiling.
According to the study, they found that more than 11.6 billion plastic particles were released from a single tea bag, "several steps higher than the plastic load of other previous foods."
It has been reported that most of the tea bags are made of natural fibre, but many of the tea plates made of natural fibre are still sealed with plastics.
Some brand tea bags are no longer paper-based and turn to plastics, which are the subject of testing by researchers.
Plastic particles are small fragments of plastics, which are defined by researchers as ranging from 100 nm to 5 centimetres, mainly from plastic waste decomposition.
Researchers have found plastic particulate traces in air, soil, rivers and the most deep-sea trenches around the world, which can also be found in running water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human excreta samples in several countries in different regions of the globe in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of tea particles from plastic particles, the Canadian research team placed Daphnia in contaminated water and found that microplastics affected their behaviour and exposed them to developmental malformations.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that the ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humanity.
However, WHO noted that more research was needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and how they affect humanity.
Researchers assume that these tea packages release large quantities of plastic particulates, possibly because they are exposed to boiling water, even when "food grade" plastics are heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, they may dissipate or leach.
Guterres stated that climate emergencies were the greatest threat to the survival of small island States.
There, a natural disaster erodes a generation of human development gains.
This is illustrated by the floods that have struck Papua, Dominica and the Bahamas since this year.
About one quarter of the people in small island developing States live at least 5 metres or less above sea level.
Evictions can seriously affect their social and lifestyle and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At this week's Climate Action Summit, small island States are jointly committed to achieving carbon neutrality and 100 per cent renewable energy by 2030, so that they can once again lead the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is plunging new injustices over old ones.
Despite their small contribution to global warming, small island developing States have paid the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disasters and indebtedness.
The world must act, the time has come to take major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's High-level Meeting adopted a political declaration calling for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy, and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, particularly heavily indebted.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's life line -- the oceans.
The latest special report issued this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirms that the oceans and seas are already suffering from the "sweeping" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, there may be some extreme sea-level rise in many regions every year that would have taken place only once in the previous century.
The report warns that without substantial investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused enormous losses.
Over the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold over the past 40 years.
Demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a decline in resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on a number of external markets, which are subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also working to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: "By addressing a problem in the most challenging environment, it can be resolved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples from which the world can draw. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require long-term attention and investment from the entire international community.
The Ministry of Finance of India indicated that the financial system was sufficiently mobile.
The Indian Minister of Finance, Sitalamante, on 26 June, stated that the current financial system was sufficiently mobile and that, driven by the demand for flower consumption, India's economic growth was expected to recover in the second half.
This was made following meetings with representatives of private banks in India, non-banking financial institutions and housing banks, among others.
Setalman did not explain the targeted nature of these statements.
Some of the previous Indian and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown in India's economy to the liquidity constraints of non-banking financial institutions.
The fall in the sale of cars in Setalman, for example, negated the fact that liquidity constraints were the main cause of the decline in sales.
Setalman noted that the decline in the sale of cars was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Setalman predicts that India's economic growth is likely to recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by festival consumption.
The annual purchase season in India began in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market anticipates that buying consumption will contribute significantly to economic growth in India.
The Department of Education in Jiang Si Province recently issued a circular prohibiting schools throughout the province from performing remedial classes during the national holiday and organizing random and covert visits.
In the Circular on Advertising of Nursing Events, the Department of Education of the Province of Jiangxi stressed the need for schools to be determined during national festivals, free classes for all students.
At the same time, it is prohibited for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to attend remedial classes in and out of school, or to provide information on non-compliance by other teachers, parents,
The notification made it clear that, in the case of proven remedial behaviour in primary and secondary schools, the local education administration would be subject to increased discounts in the quality development assessment of the cantonal government in that year; teachers would be treated.
Pig production Enabling market supply
:: Loyalty requires the implementation of measures in six areas
The province-wide conference on the provision of television telephones for the guarantor market for the production of pig was held today to mobilize redeployments for the implementation of central and provincial and provincial government policy measures to support the market supply.
Loyalty requires that the measures for the production of pig pigs be implemented in six ways.
The mayor of the "basket" is responsible for its implementation, and this year a clear 45 million pig fencing mission across the province has been rolled out to the municipalities to include accountability.
(C) Accelerate the implementation of policy measures and effectively address the "last-kilometre" problem of policy implementation.
:: Promote the implementation of wholesale pork production, carefully implement the subsidy policy for good pork breeding, encourage pork businesses to increase pork breeding, and systematically select high pigs from the commodity pigs.
High-profile domestic large-scale aquaculture, which has not yet entered our province, has been identified as a top priority for the acquisition of financial resources.
(B) Accelerate the implementation of market circulation systems, accelerate the construction of pig-cooling logistics facilities and fully facilitate the transition from "pigs" to "meat transfers."
The implementation of modern disease prevention systems requires the deployment of grassroots anti-disease quarantine personnel adapted to the size and tasks of farming and the construction of the first line of control against disease.
Loyalty requires that every effort be made to secure the meat market, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortages, widespread breakdowns, and to ensure that the meat market for major holidays is stable.
The meeting also deployed on the ongoing catch-up of pigs in Africa, the ban on catch-and-catch in key waters of my provincial governor's river basin, and the purchase of rice at midnight throughout the province.
Representatives of the ancient symbols of Shanghai, such as motherland, national soul and white rabbit, attend party courses for university students
"I and my motherland" school pockets give university students "joy to think."
On the occasion of the commemoration of the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China, there were more than two hundred years of "Historical Arts Party" for the Haifa, Wang Book, with four.
The products of the old code plates at the site are displayed.
In the classroom, the students lament that the product of the old brand has been carefully displayed outside the classroom, as well as the "I and my home country" school campus, where "I and my children do not."
Large white rabbit slabs, large white rabbit ice cream waters... as old-numbered brand, in recent years, white rabbit sugar has been very dynamic, proactive, innovative and cross-border.
The dayrabbit, born in 1959, coincides with its sixtieth birthday this year.
Tens of thousands of students are also looking at youth consumer groups.
The Secretary-General of the Shanghai World Food Ltd., Deputy Managing Director Great, referred to the "Spring bake, stunted summer hoody fish, stunted fall crash, winter shrimp."
Companies are also further developing brand culture from taste innovation to cartoon packaging design to accommodate the legacy of the younger generation of consumers.
Representatives of the old word spoke about the path of innovation on the spot of the "Art Party Course."
The managers of Shanghai's bone-bone meal Limited share the view that "all innovations have a solid foundation and that every innovation in old words is a thriving process."
The expectations of old words are hidden in everyone's hearts.
A small and beautiful era, centred on products, should begin. "
As one of the country's first "Chinese anomaly," Shanghai has also responded rapidly to market trends, upgraded brands with a Vi vision, introduced professional operating teams and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
"Old words are seen not only in these traditional channels, such as supermarkets, but also in new retailing and activities.
All of our changes will ultimately serve the purpose of allowing consumers to see, listen to and, ultimately, buy. "
The Deputy Managing Director of the Shanghai Soap (Group) Ltd., Oyang Chunling, said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also insist on high-end development, system development prospects and user satisfaction for energy-efficient and environmentally friendly products, as well as high-technology content and cost-effective paths.
Through this Art Party course, the fellows gained considerable results.
The old words are accompanied by my growth and carry a good memory and feelings at a very early stage. "
Sang Song homologic label.
The ancient representative of Shanghai spoke to more than 200 young scholars about the ancestral and national soul of the ancient brand.
Like-minded scholars say that how to excavate brand culture so that high-quality traditional cultures are inherited from generation to child are issues that need to be considered and explored as students in the design profession.
The programme is based on the Shanghai Academy of Technology and Arts's great "Shanghai Demonstration" project, "Modern Perspective, Evangelical Plant Innovation Workshops," with a desire.
According to the information, the "Art Classroom" will also continue to enlighten monographers, lecturers of history, painting, aesthetics, architects, orchestrators, lecturers
He also delivered a Chinese message on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the inauguration of the new China.
At 26 local time, the Prime Minister of Japan, Abe Abe, gave a video message congratulating the People's Republic of China on its seventieth anniversary.
The Prime Minister of Japan, Abe, promoted: I am three times well in the evening.
On the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend my warm congratulations to the Government and people of Japan.
At the G20 Osaka Summit in June, the two countries demonstrated to the world the strong will of the G-20 for the success of the Summit and the adoption of the G-20 Leaders Osaka Summit Declaration.
In addition, at the summit talks and dinner in the days leading up to the Summit, it was agreed that President Ping would conduct a country visit to Japan next spring, with a unanimous determination to open a new era in the day.
Together, the two countries have a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I am convinced that working together to address the problems facing the region and the world and to contribute to the international community will be beneficial in shaping a new model of future relations between the two countries.
In conclusion, I wish a flourishing relationship and a happy career for our friends.
"There are some sites where overage farmers are estimated to have accounted for more than half.
What is the time to find young workers?
There is no way to use so many "old people" on the site. "
Recently, Zou Kyi, a long-term contractor working in the construction industry, has lamented the existence of a large number of overage farmer workers (over retirement age) on the site.
In the recent past, a number of farmer labourers have appeared on the campus as a result of the rainwater drainage work carried out at the university where the notaries are located, and if they are watched.
Fortified farmers do not work "idle," but because they are "idle," "obliged" to continue, "whether they have money to help their own old-age and medical problems, or to help them."
The "old age" of over-age farmers is not as easy as we imagine.
Breadwinners, breadwinners, children attending school, helping children to buy their houses, help their children to start their homes and raise their grandchildren in isolation, when these farmers have lost much of their wealth and have lost money.
In order not to drag on their children, but also to build up some wealth for themselves, a number of farmer labourers have insisted on "doing business until it remains."
Many "after 80" 90 "and" after 1,000 "new generation of farmer workers are reluctant to engage in hard-working, labour-intensive secondary industries or low-end services, creating opportunities for structural" labour attractiveness, "
Due to a lack of skilled labour and a decline in physical and labour capacity, many overage farmers are engaged in high-intensity, low-income, risky and less secure jobs.
One day we can earn more than one day, and the plight of the older peasant workers behind the "idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
Addressing the challenges of unpaid and unpaid work, improving labour protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labour incomes and improving the survival of older peasant workers, in addition to their "self-help," is equally dependent on the public sector system.
It has been pointed out that over-age farmer workers are less likely to rely on home-based solutions to their old-age and medical problems, and they have to support their families by other means.
The unwillingness and strength to read and understand the "idle" of over-age farmer workers helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-age farmer workers.
Seeing the shadow of over-age farmers, listening to their lament, finding ways to make them truly "productive" in rural areas requires shared responsibility among the public sector, the market and society and a combination of efforts.
Mr. Pimensov said that Russia would not export such a system in the next five years, because "export production will take place only after the supply of its own military forces."
This approach is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of arms and military equipment always first ensure their defence needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Guellev, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Sky Forces, indicated that the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by the "diamond-Antai" Sky Defence Contan.
This is a new generation of air defence systems, using the working doctrine used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The primary role of S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles below a range of 3,500 kilometres.
Furthermore, according to some information, S-500 could also destroy high-speed cruise missiles, as well as aircraft, almost all types of drones, high-speed missiles greater than 5 times sound, or even targets in near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems, in particular the S-400 system, which is very important from the point of view of national defence.
Sergei Pimensov expressed particular concern about S-400.
He said that the system was currently in great demand in the world, but that it was also needed by Russian troops, including in the Arctic region.
S-400 Active Arctic Air Defence Corps.
According to information received on 15 September, the conversion of the New Terre Arctic Air Defence Corps into a S-400 anti-aircraft missile system has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization of the Arctic region.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defence, this is entirely a process within the plan for the transition to a more advanced defence tool in the strategic direction of the north.
According to UNIS, "with the transition to a new S-400 air defence system, there has been a marked increase in the controlled airspace of the Arctic region."
Most importantly, the use of the system in the Arctic and Arctic regions has been assessed by the military as successful.
The air defence force officers have been trained in the new system and prepared to enter combat duty.
It was previously equipped with a S-300 long-range air defence system and is still in part.
In the case of air defence systems, they must possess weapons capable of destroying various air targets, be they outer high-altitude flights or "leaks" near protected installations.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Cyclone" (Triumph) system developed by the "gold diamond-Antai air defence system is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, high-speed weapons
The weapon can strike an aerodynamic target within a range of 400 km and strike at a ballistic target of 4.8 km per second within a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defence forces in the far north to ensure the security of the airspace of the northern sea.
Recently, the first 12 "Tor" - M2DT "anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, sufficient to form an air defence battalion to strengthen air defence systems in the Arctic.
At that time, the Russian Ministry of Defence had indicated that the Arctic "Tole" forces would be extended in the future to complete brigade formations.
Together with the new S-400 remote systems deployed on New Terre and the Kola peninsula and the Pantsir-SA short-range systems deployed in the polar north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons provide powerful defence against Russia.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters and drones will be difficult to break through this defence.
According to the Russian Government, the flagship shop would serve as a platform for Russian manufacturers to place commodities and avoid a complex and lengthy process of opening their own shops.
Russian Companies, which are operators of Russian shops, focus on the sale of Russian goods in China.
Most of the Russian retailing stores are located in Yanal (Tmall), Jodong (JD), 1688, Pindoduo, Sindu (ShouQ), Smart software.
The Russian Export Centre will work with Russia to develop marketing strategies and participation criteria for shops and screen product enterprises on virtual shelves.
Shops are scheduled to open by the end of this year and board products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to information from the Russian Export Centre, the total number of visits to the Chinese Electricity Platform is as high as 1 billion per month.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, reaching over $1 billion in 2018.
Currently, the Ariaba Group will also open pilot shops for the sale of commodities from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the Global Import Strategy.
According to Alexei Kolnikov, goods from businesses with sales of at least 500 million roubles will be tabled in the new shop.
In fact, my expectations are higher and the sales of 500 million roubles are insufficient.
We all know that Chinese consumers are quite positive about Russian commodities and view our commodities as high-quality and green-friendly products. "
Kolnikov said that competition among Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power was fierce and increasing.
He said: "Our goals are ambitious, with 500 businesses launched through this shop within three years."
At the same time, the platform also hosts products from enterprises in the Russian Far East.
Vyacheslav Cheglov (Vyacheslav Cheglov), professor at the basic trade policy faculty of the University of Prehanov, Russia, said: "This is a political project.
"I did not see a large number of highly competitive Russian commodities on the market."
He believed that the project would probably not really be implemented, but would help to strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to the Russian news agency, Andrey Slepnev, Managing Director of the Russian Export Centre, stated during the Eastern Economic Forum that more than 170 Russian enterprises had published their products on either the largest international wholesale platform. Ali
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with the Ariaba Group, a training project for Russian enterprises by experts from the University of Memorial, the first of which was held in July this year.
The Russian Export Centre at the Second China International Import Fair in Shanghai in November this year will also be the organizer of the participation of Russian enterprises in industry exhibitions and business projects.
A large exhibition will be held in the exhibition halls of 1000 square metres, which will also serve as a centre for business project events, signing ceremonies, promotion sessions and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
Some 50 applications from Russian agricultural enterprises have been received.
The Information Service of the Russian Export Centre said: "In addition to the agricultural gallery, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction in our efforts to support businesses and to ensure that dozens of ad hoc meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the Expo will hold major teacher courses, cooking competitions and Russian-American food foodstuffs in the Russian kitchen project to explore the Shanghai station of the Russian beauty.
The police await a complete report and instructions from the Attorney-General's Office to take the next step after the martyr Mahayadi autopsy court ruled on Friday that the death was not accidental.
The Director of Criminal Investigation of the National Police issued a statement on Friday, and, in accordance with the decision of the autopsy chamber, the police will await further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the Mohakha killing case, which was still under way.
On the other hand, the Chief of General Police of Snow County said that the police would await a complete report on the content of the relevant decisions before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter on Friday morning, following his presence at the Snow State Police headquarters at the handover ceremony of the Deputy Chief of Police of Snow County.
He states that the police investigated the case on the basis of the reports.
He added that the police would also follow up on the progress of the investigation and decide whether to resummon a person who had made a statement earlier.
Journalists learned from the Beijing Forest Greening Authority that, in the interest of the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the new China, the city of Beijing had recently promoted the green landscape and created a climate of peace and happiness on Long Street.
At present, 12 storeys along Long Street have been completed, with 20 million basins in the city dying in the capital and celebrating the national holiday.
Over the course of the past few days, 12 polar, diverse storey-style landscapes along Long Street have attracted an objective appreciation and photography by a large number of citizens.
The theme of these forums is a remarkable one, from the beginning of the "bright 70 years" in the north-west corner of the country to the end of the "Good tomorrow" in the north-east corner.
According to the relevant heads of the Beijing Forest Greening Authority, this year's greening environment took full advantage of its own innovations and brought together new varieties and new technologies, both domestic and foreign.
More than 230 varieties, including 16 autonomous breeding varieties, 18 green resistant varieties and 11 native plants, were put on the podium as a whole.
For the first time, the three pyrethyroid varieties of what my country has chosen as a "cold race" "giant autumn sugar fruit" have been used for the first time.
To cater for national holidays, Beijing had also recently undertaken a comprehensive overhaul of the landscaping environment throughout the city with a total of more than 12,000 trees, 23,000 bushes and 2.3 million spawns and flowers.
At the same time, in important areas such as the city-wide ring route, the Long Street extension line, the Shannon monument site, the perimeter of the new airport and the major tourist area, 200 thematic basins
China launched China and the United Nations and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - New China Network
The Chinese Chinese delegation to the 74th United Nations General Assembly officially published China and the United Nations - 74th Session of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development. Chinese position paper, UN Climate Summit 2030.
The Chinese-Chinese Position Paper on China and the United Nations - 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly summarizes the achievements and developments in China's cooperation with the United Nations in the past 70 years since the founding of the new China.
It was noted that the President of the Chinese State, Xiaoping, had promoted the creation of a community of human destiny and had become the flag of the foreign affairs of China's distinctive Powers.
Guided by its foreign ideology, China has taken a more active and constructive approach to international affairs, contributing more to and assuming greater responsibility for peace and development in the world.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a guardian of the international order.
The document describes in ten ways China's important contribution to the three pillars of United Nations peace, development and human rights.
Reaffirming China's strong support for multilateralism and its support for the central role of the United Nations in international affairs, noting that China's development and world development are mutually reinforcing, and stressing that a growing China will contribute to the world in the face.
The United Nations Climate Summit: China's Position and Action sets out China's policy stance on international cooperation to address climate change and China's achievements in response to climate change, in line with the nine major areas of action of the United Nations Climate Summit.
As the world's largest developing country, China, considering climate change an intrinsic requirement for its sustainable development and responsibility for building a community of human destiny, would continue to overcome the many difficult challenges to its development, firmly uphold multilateralism.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 (2019) is the second progress report issued by China following the publication of the Progress Report on Implementation in 2017.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps towards the implementation of the 2030 agenda, demonstrating China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The examples contained in the report, such as precision poverty alleviation, innovation-led development, ecological civilization-building, rural revitalization and the creation of a "one-size-fits-all" approach, would provide useful lessons for other countries.
The Big Data in Support of Sustainable Development Goals Report showcased China's exploration and practice of using geo-data technology to support agenda implementation and policy decision-making in 2030, revealed the value and perspectives of technologies and methodologies for monitoring. New data and methodological gaps
The twentieth anniversary event series of the Macao Polytechnic alumni, Liu Huanxiang, Bridge Art Fair, will be opened at 6 p.m. on 29 September 2019 at the Westminster.
People from all walks of life are invited to come and guide.
Having graduated from the Macao Polytechnic Integrated Design Department and subsequently co-founded the Design Corporation in 2013 with five years of successful corporate excellence, with over 200 international awards and over 200 design operations across the world.
It was the following time, at the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic alumni, to showcase their skilful design work and to share the benefits of their business mileage.
This day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experiences, there is an exchange on design development in Macao.
The exhibition will be held from 29 September to 10 October 2019 and open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. and on holidays as usual.
In case of queries, 85993119 cables can be sent to communicate with Polytechnic alumni.
National Medal and emblem of Viet Nam for each group and individual in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Pursuant to the decision of 21 September issued by Nguyen Nguyen Cubi, President of the State of Viet Nam, Viet Nam gave 12 collective and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, National Assembly bodies, etc.
The National President of Viet Nam, Nguyen Nguyen Nguyen, also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the emblem of Friendship.
In accordance with that decision, the State of Viet Nam decided to grant 21 Memorial of Friendship and 17 Friendship emblems to four groups and 34 individuals in the Lao National Assembly, its organs and its secretariat.
In her address to the Memorial ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Kim Chin stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two old peoples had emerged from a long historical process and that Viet Nam and the Lao People's Democratic Republic.
Ms. Nguyen Seung-yen stressed that, in the increasingly complex and changing world situation, great and old friendship, special friendship and comprehensive cooperation continued to be consolidated and developed and moved towards deeper and more practical cooperation.
Ms. Nguyen Seung-yen stressed that the granting of Vietnamese and national decorations and emblems to the various collective and former senior leaders of the Lao National Congress was a great contribution of Viet Nam, its people,
Ms. Nguyen Seung-yen stressed that the Vietnamese party and the State would continue to work closely with the Lao Party and the country to inherit and build on the results of their cooperation and actively consolidate and promote their great friendship.
The Lao National Assembly, which has been awarded independent decorations, the Order of Friendship and the emblem of Friendship, has collectively and individually expressed its gratitude to the Vietnamese State for granting them honorary awards.
The United States e-smoke has taken 12 lives, with 805 cases of related lung damage.
According to the Central Agency, on 26 July local time, United States health officials indicated that 12 people in the United States had died of e-smoke-related diseases, while 805 cases of lung damage related to e-smoking.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have reportedly reported these figures and indicated that specific substances leading to related diseases have not been identified.
However, most patients reported the use of e-smoke products containing tetrahydrophenol, a major compound in cannabis that could affect the mental state.
The increase in lung cases is known to be associated with the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke fertilizers in the black market.
CDC indicated that the above-mentioned 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
Over the past three weeks, the sale of e-smoke has been banned in India and the United States of America, while taste-smoking has been banned in New York and Michigan States.
According to reports, the Government intends to ban electronic smoke products in all flares other than tobacco tastes from October.
When did the next shift come?
The "Internet + smart board" gives you a lot.
On 27 July, Nanjing Syndicate of Smart Transport announced externally that the first national "Internet + Smart Station" would be officially located in Nanjing, where 54 public service e-screen would be upgraded.
In the past, anxiety landscapes in waiting cars were shown almost daily at public exchange stations.
Delays in the operation of buses, the situation along the road and the location of vehicles make it difficult to learn that the problem of commuting distances needs to be addressed, especially in major cities where commuting is difficult, and
To that end, Nanjing's Smart Transport, in conjunction with the Haud map, undertook an in-depth study of the new direction of the "Internet + Transport" civilian service by launching the first national Internet + smart service.
The first national "Internet + smart station plates" are known to be in Nanjing, incorporating high-tech data, as well as high-tech vehicles, with ETA algorithms, and
Through the Internet + Smart Station, Nanjing citizens will not only have easy access to the expected time of the bus, to the real-time location of the bus and to the three direct orange points, but also.
With the help of the "Internet + smart board," a geometric gateway, Nanjing citizens have been able to "check the public address in front of the door, wait the public transit time."
On the basis of the real-time public information of the "Internet + smart board," travel is made easier by selecting the most suitable route, while also providing psychological expectations and reducing the anxiety of waiting vehicles.
Photos of monuments and gardens over 30 first external exhibits -- New Interest Network
Journalists were informed by the Beijing City Administration and Garden Administration that a total of 99 sets of artefacts were exhibited, of which more than 30 exhibited the public for the first time and exhibited the cultural heritage.
According to the news, the exhibition was divided into four exhibits: "Mahigin, vegetate, magnificent, magnificent," maize copper, ancient books, ceramic.
The Deputy Director of the Department of Arts and Arts of the Department of Planning and Campus Management made a presentation on the large number of high-level exhibits, the variety of cultural objects, and the age of exhibits.
Nearly three of the exhibits participating in the exhibition were national and secondary objects, which spanned from commercial to gauge years.
Ramadan Jazeera, which is more than 3,000 years away, was shown as the "oldest cartoon," a soul monument with a large volume of cattle, nearly 80 kilograms and
The Vice-President of the Beijing Metropolitan and Parking Administration, Qin Quarre, said that the cultural exhibition was based on the "living" spirit of the monument and the Zhou Hill. "
According to the information received, the exhibitions will continue until 30 January 2020.
New Warsaw: Determined to follow our own path
The White Paper "China and the World in a New Age," issued on 27 July, answered that China's development had been successful over the past 70 years, essentially because the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party.
China follows its own path of development, the choice of history and the choice of its people.
In an environment of weakness and internal anxiety, a generation of whistle-blowers has sought and followed up in search of a way to rescue the people of the country in recent generations.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the return of imperialism, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have been conceived, tested and the results have not worked."
It was only with the existence of the Communist Party of China and with a new China that, in practice, the Chinese people gradually developed a socialist path of Chinese identity.
This path taken by China is the path of happiness of the Chinese people, the renaissance of the Chinese nation and the path of China's common development with the nations of the world.
It was on the right path that China could do its things well if it became the world's second largest economy with the greatest contribution to global economic growth in order to continue to benefit the world through its own development.
As noted in the White Paper, China's path to development, consistent with China's national circumstances and adapted to the demands of the times, will increasingly show brighter development prospects as the times move forward.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how hard it is to find the right path; around the world, the Chinese people value it even more.
The Chinese understand the logic of North Ritchen, knowing that it is not necessarily appropriate for others, but only for themselves, to be the best.
It is with the self-confidence and strategic determination of this path that China has created an impressive miracle.
In the process of manoeuvring, the "end-of-history conclusion" was noise.
Today, the success of China's special socialist road proclaimed the end of the "end of history", the collapse of the "China collapse" and the failure of the "socialist failure."
China's success has galvanized the confidence of the rich and the poor in developing countries, expanded their path towards modernization and provided lessons and lessons for countries and peoples around the world who wish to accelerate their development and maintain their independence.
The world is rich.
China has always respected the right of every country to choose the path of development appropriate to its own circumstances.
China does not "enter" or "export" the Chinese model, but will resolutely pursue its own path, achieve its own continued development, strengthen governance exchanges with countries and make its due contribution to the common achievement of good governance.
In the Fair Work Commission (Fair Work Commission), a Foodworks supermarket owner dismissed a 66-year-old female worker through a short message because he preferred to hire a worker from an Asian background, which was "shameful."
The Commission stated that Ms. Gail Ayton's editor (Jianbin Wang audio interpreter, English name Eddie), who had worked in the Wagga Wagga shop for more than 20 years, might violate "
Ms. Ayton told the Committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the shop in 2016 and that he had "wanted to run off me," since she was not a Chinese man.
In this case, Peter Sams, Vice-Chairman of the Committee, conducted a search on the Internet, finding that "Mr. Wang had previously advertised a number of jobs at various Chinese Employment Forums in Australia."
Of the job requirements listed for these positions, one refers to "first-come Asian" and the other to "preferred Asian staff."
The third article states that he "favours outsiders (which is the case)."
Mr. Wang dismissed Ms. Ayton by letter last April and later stated that this was due to her absence and the alleged small cash deficit of $5.10 to $30 in the silver machine.
Mr. Sams, however, said that the reasons for Mr. Wang's dismissal of Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
She has been absent for only one shift for three years, and the "missing amount" totals several Australian dollars.
He states that Ms. Ayton was dismissed "in fact unrelated to her conduct or her performance."
He said: "It seems to me that, supported by the evidence of the advertisement issued by Mr. Wang, the real motive for her dismissal is that he is more willing to hire a worker with an Asian background.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's conduct appears to constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or dismissal of the applicant is unlawful. "
Mr. Sams said that in view of Mr. Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it would be inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her post.
He should consider the payment of compensation to Ms. Ayton, who was a casual worker with a hourly salary of $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labour relations legislation, Sams stated that he would submit his own decisions and documents to the head of the Commission to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other bodies to investigate.
He submits that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I believe that an unfair and biased procedure should be taken to dismiss the applicant, and Mr. Wang" waited "the opportunity, which, in my view, would" justify "termination of employment of the applicant."
"He mistakenly..." The defence completely ignored any natural justice accorded to her when dismissing the applicant and is shocked by his perverse and grossly unjust behaviour. "
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks was a small enterprise, "it must be frankly said that any active employer would not dissolve employees in the very unfair and perverse manner recognized in the present case."
He said: "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Ferry-to-day Gold Weekly Entrance Advance Passenger Vehicle 175-medium-grid
On 27 September, journalists from Guo Guo Xu, Xu Guangzhou State, learned from the Guangzhou group that, in order to meet the country's Gold Week travel needs, Ground 5
A number of initiatives will be undertaken by the Hiroshima Group to provide passenger services during peak passenger flows.
The South Guangzhou station optimized the three-storey screening corridor with the addition of 12 additional booths, resulting in a total of 44 additional shuttle terminals, in addition to open passenger traffic.
In order to ease the strain and congestion of the south-south road, three new parking spaces will be opened at the South Guangzhou Station, adding 1,000 parking spaces and relieving pressure on traffic around the station.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high iron-ground iron" free of green access.
From 6 to 7 October, when the passenger flow reached peak hours, the Shenzhen North Station A2 outpost would be connected to metro, with free access to facilitate the movement of passengers at peak times.
In addition, the East West Plaza will have a regular Ulottery fast route that will serve passengers and specially focused passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Gold Week, the Guangzhou passenger section conducts full-time business training to ensure that all personnel working as passengers learn business knowledge, upgrade service quality and provide a better-quality and professional service.
6 persons denied having involved in the sale of false Metro Metro newspaper paper were brought before the High Court
Six men suspected of falsification and sale of our passports, paper and identity cards, including an Assistant Director of the National Registration Office, as well as a supervisor businessman, were referred to court on weekends, and the judge.
One of the defence lawyers, originally representing the Wangjian defendant Tripoli, who is also a member of the Congressional Congressional Congressman, applied to the judge to withdraw from representing the case, before the court.
He states that he himself, on behalf of the accused, attracted criticism from an adversary and that his party of action was also implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat per se, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to stigmatize the party and the Hashemite Government or other Hashemite leaders, and
He also stated that there was no conflict of interest between the accused on behalf of the accused and those who were members of Parliament, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the accused, who, until now, had not been convicted.
On 12 September this year, six defendants were charged with offences under section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking and Trafficking in Migrants Act, as well as with article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), all denied guilt.
The charges against the six defendants against the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration order were referred to the High Court for hearing on 3 October, following the presentation of the prosecution case by Judge Novashaha and Judge Mazlan.
The first six accused were arrested on the basis of the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Ordinance 2012 (SOSMA), and therefore the judge did not grant bail.
With the motherland -- rapid writing by a unit of the Armed Police Force
In the autumn of Phnom Penh, a unit of the Armed Police Force, composed of an average of 1.83 metres of troops, was well trained at the refresher training site.
The flash rifles, the exclusive olive green and the red shoulder seal together constitute a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, journalists came to the party and felt the determination of the VJ to always act as party and people's loyalty champions, as well as their "honour to be" feeling and pursuit.
"The dream shouts glorious life and writes the ancient curiae of the new era..." this is the anthem created collectively by the cadres, "Together with the homeland."
In the team, the song was the motto of each team member.
Zhou, with a height of 1.92 metres, was sighted in the team.
As an engine flag of the former Carabineros, he had a deeper understanding of honour.
The honour of the military comes from painful training.
As an engine flag, the training has always been of high standard and high standards.
He was tied to a plastic bag with a finer, a second-sided pick-up, a blindfolded exercise, and a stable exercise with a fanaticism.
In his "champion career," one picture has always been forgotten.
At a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rains fell, while none of the visitors who came to observe the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the flag was raised, he was deeply honoured by the five-star red flag on his shoulders.
In 2019, Xiang Xiaoqiang was selected as the base soldier.
Standards of manoeuvre vary between the base and engine flags.
Thanks to the presentation of Xiaoqiang, the manoeuvres of the engines and the base soldiers have made much more progress than 20 steps, but more effort needs to be made in training.
The base unit is the first in the first order and directly determines the level of integration of the team.
After intensive training, he was kicked repeatedly on his legs every day and kicked on one occasion.
In the demonstration, he won the voice of the RUF with a precise speed and speed.
Almost every soldier in the brigade has the same experience as Xiang.
The father of Ju Xudong, a fighter, participated in the fiftieth anniversary of the national holiday 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's foot and become a member of the crowd, he suffered a setback on one occasion and was never discouraged.
He said: "It is a great honour for me to go through the Cheonan Square as much as my father, to receive a party and people's examination, and to eat what I all want."
He entered the team's honorary room, where eight key words were screened in the curtains of the "Helsinki of the Capital."
The crowd was presented by the crowd crowd, all of whom came from the garrison garrison team in Beijing -- an honorary and traditional force, followed by the National Athens, national celebrations and party.
Reception of foreign experts to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China The Republic of Korea was present and delivered a message
A reception of foreign experts celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China took place 27 p.m. in the People's Hall, in which the Permanent Committee of the Central Political Directorate and the Deputy Prime Minister of State were present.
The Republic of Korea, on behalf of the Chinese Government and on behalf of President Xing, wishes to express its heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all interested foreign experts and international friends involved in the opening and modernization of China.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea said that, more than 40 years after the establishment of the new China, and in particular the opening up of reforms, the Communist Party of China had united to bring the nation's peoples together and succeeded.
Since its eighteenth anniversary, the party has integrated the "five-size-fits-all" overall layout and coordinated the "four comprehensive" strategic layout leading to the historic transformation of the party and the country.
The development achievements of the new China over the past 70 years have been the result of the tireless efforts of all Chinese peoples, as well as the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and, together with the Chinese people, have made an indelible contribution to the cause of modernization, which the Chinese people will never forget.
The Republic of Korea stated that China's development had stood at the beginning of its new history and that the Chinese people were struggling for the full achievement of a better society, a new era of great socialist victory and a great renament.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, innovation is the first engine," and that innovation-driven development strategies are vigorously pursued to promote high-quality economic development.
People were the most innovative factor, and China would accelerate the development of a cadre of strategic science and technology talent, science and technology leaders, young science and technology talent and high-level innovation teams at an international level.
The Republic of Korea is saying that China's cause is one supported by the people of the world, open to learning from the world and cooperation with the nations of the world.
China will learn from the peoples of the world in a more open and inclusive gesture, firmly pursuing a more active, open and effective introduction of talent.
We sincerely welcome the growing number of foreign experts who have come to innovate in China, the participation of talents from around the world in China's modernization, and their increased contribution to the building of a community of human destiny and human progress.
Liu Can, Yang Jiang, Chen Chen, Zhang Shinzon, Shorter, Wang Steel attended the reception.
The reception was chaired by Wang Zhou, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by foreign senior experts working in China for a long period of time, representatives of foreign experts working in China and spouses, heads of central and national authorities, Beijing City, and about 1800 persons.
Our railway, the deepest borehole, was exhumed to the end.
On 27 September, New Wall Kunxinn (journalist Diend), according to MID Ltd., the first longest of our railway -- Great (Rice) Swiss Channel Ligon tunnel 1
In the construction of tunnels, the erection of wells can serve, inter alia, to improve tunnel ventilation, improve flight efficiency and secure construction.
Sangtao, General Engineer, Mid-Iron Tunnel Project, said that "the successful excavation to the bottom of the tunnel 1 will help to accelerate construction work on the bottom of the tunnel."
Large-scale hydraulic system, construction of boreholes, boreholes, boreholes, boreholes, boreholes, blast plumes, FJD-6A
It is understood that the Greater Railway, east-west to Rice, has a total length of approximately 331 kilometres and is designed at a speed of 140 kilometres, is an important part of the international railway corridor.
The tunnel on Mount Gallergon, which is 34.538 km long, is the first long road in our railway.
Television drama hunting sobby field mapping Replacement of first-line detective police mining
Cross-country fugitive dramas, Oxfam, near Tianjin Airport, and leading performers such as Wang Kai and Wang Ggull took pictures of important performances such as flight.
The poster drama group took at the airport the key games most capable of displaying the results of Operation hunting fox enforcement - members of the Operation are looking for the fugitive back home, put on board aircraft and arrest.
The theatre group gathered a wide range of mirrors, such as aprons, customs border checks and air passenger class, gates, etc., and the Chinese-line detector and pox heroic multi-country flights. Fugitive criminals
In order to successfully complete this filming, the Oxfam team undertook extensive preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed each of the implementation details to ensure the most real and direct visual effect.
According to the information received, the theatre will also be photographed from various locations abroad.
Viet Nam needs to seize opportunities for artificial intellectual development.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capacity, asset base and direction of development.
Singapore City ranked first, followed by the cities of the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
In response to the press interview, Oliver Wyman's expert, Moxin Bavanne, said: "In reviewing and assessing cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Viet Nam.
Overall, I believe that Viet Nam's future is very bright in the context of high growth rates, a strong path to economic development and a fast-growing human base.
I believe that Viet Nam is on the right path and doing it well.
It is important that Viet Nam know how to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote greater economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's way of work, communication and life.
It brings with it greater efficiency, but also the threat of exacerbating social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, today the only city in the world is ready for breakthroughs brought about by the artificial smart age.
Guterres expressed his pleasure in jointly celebrating the seventieth anniversary of China's founding here and congratulated the Chinese Government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visited China, I was shocked by the pace of change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty -- the greatest poverty reduction achievement in history. "
He said that with regard to the vision of achieving the Millennium Development Goals, China had witnessed transformative results: Reduced infant and maternal mortality, improved nutrition, reduced stunted populations and halved the number of people without access to safe drinking water.
At the same time, China has one of the world's best educational systems, attracting international students from all over the world
The photo exhibition celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China was opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres indicated that this year also marks the fortieth anniversary of the United Nations in Warsaw.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
Following the advancement of the Millennium Development Goals, China was actively pursuing the sustainable development agenda for 2030.
As the second largest contributor to the United Nations regular and peacekeeping budgets, China has been a stable partner in ensuring the activities of the United Nations.
China had contributed troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" serving in South Sudan.
Guterres stated that "on the eve of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, we need a renewed global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and engagement to build a better world for all. "
The State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs of China has always said that for 70 years the Chinese people have fought hard and created unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have been with the world.
China's achievements are not only those of China, but also those of the world and of humanity.
This photo shows the history of the Chinese people's struggle, their remarkable achievements and their contribution to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Stopping
The State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs is reading the report on the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development.
There is a story of national unity, and China's policy of national and regional autonomy has achieved great success, be it the new frontier between the north and the south of the mountains or Tibet of the snow highlands.
Rapid economic development, social peace and stability, and the well-being of the people.
Mr. Wang Yang said that the photo exhibition also presented the story of the Chinese people building ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the "one-way-fits-all" initiative and the community.
As the President of the State of China has said, the Green Mount is the San Francisco Mount.
As a result of its ongoing efforts, China had embarked on a green development path.
China pursues a policy of peaceful diplomacy, actively establishing diplomatic relations with all countries of the world, playing its part in resolving hot issues and becoming a central force in world peace.
In the face of the major changes that had not taken place in the world for centuries, China had actively maintained the international system, with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is nascent, Daw Aung San Sun and Windhou, and we will maintain our pride regardless of how the international cloud changes.
Wang Yang Kassala, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malawi
On 26 local time, the State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs met with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malawi at the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
The Prince has stated that, in the 12 years since China was established, relations between the two countries have developed in a healthy and stable manner and that exchanges and cooperation in various fields have progressed steadily.
Last year, President Classing invited President Mutharika to the China-Africa Cooperation Forum Beijing Summit, where the two heads of State met productively and led China-China relations to a new level.
China is ready, together with the Macao side, to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of State and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum for China-Africa Cooperation and to promote further practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and collaboration with the Macao side in international affairs in order to preserve the common interests of both sides and the wider context of Central-African relations.
Castra said that China was a true friend of Malawi and African countries and that its development had benefited the people of Malawi.
The Macao side maintains a one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
The Macao side looks forward to the further development of the Mid-China relationship and welcomes more Chinese firms to invest in it.
About 800 million people walked to China for tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel to the upcoming "eleventh" gold weekend!
Big data from many tourism platforms show that our tourism consumption market is boom in terms of both supply and demand.
The national holiday tourism report projects that the number of domestic tourists on national holidays is expected to be close to 800 million this year, taking into account national holiday statistics in previous years, and that there will be more than 7.5 million.
Currently, tourists from more than 500 cities make reservations through the platform for products such as tours, free passage, customized tourism, local play and so on, covering 100 countries and regions.
According to the Chinese Institute of Tourism Studies, the country received 726 million visitors during last year's national holiday, an increase of 9.43 per cent over the same period.
This year's national holiday will not only be more innovative in terms of the number of tourists, but also in terms of increased consumption, which will become the "dominant rule" for the exodus of national holidays.
It was reported that the average cost of interdepartmental travel in the country during the national holiday was over $3,000, up from the same period last year, as tourists generally opted for better-performing products, such as high-rated hotels
The data booked by the donkey Mothers Tourist Network show a similar trend, with the use of comfortable car-type and 10-person "private groups" throughout the country's longline being more popular than in previous years.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that their consumers prefer "walk-by-step" with heavy experimentation, heavy service and heterogeneity.
On the other hand, the pork data show the fastest growth in subscriptions from our cities on the Four Line and below, at a rate of 30 per cent over the same period, reflecting an increase in consumption among the population.
Individualization is a major feature of this year's "eleventh" gold weekend.
Incidental data show that national holiday rental tickets are expected to increase by almost 60 per cent over the same period, while short journeys to the peripheral small crowd lines continue to be hot-headed; and 155 per.
The sharing of joy is the main purpose of people's tourist leisure.
The data show that 28 per cent of the visitors to the national holiday are relatives, 25 per cent are pairs and 23 per cent are co-tourists.
Also, in terms of the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" accounted for more than five times the total number of visitors.
It is a matter of concern that, in contrast to the more rapid growth of the past gold exodus, this year's domestic downstream market has shown a "blindness."
Data from the pork show a 42 per cent increase over the previous year in the number of people scheduled to visit the country during the national holiday, which outpaced the excursion.
Industry analyses that, in parallel with strong demand, tourism supply-side reforms have been promoted throughout the country to provide a richer "ventilation" for tourists.
For example, the National Sports Directorate, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism jointly launched the "Gold Week of 11 Gold Road in 2019"; seven photo festival in Shanghai 2019, 100 cultural and tourist attractions
Booking data show that the country has the most "fire" on its unique natural wind or cultural destinations, with major festivals, Vukhan, Hangyang, Capital, Guangzhou, Beijing, Nanjing.
On 1 October, the first live cinematography of the country, "The moment in time -- celebrations of the new China's 70watch," will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces.
Through the 4K ultra-high signal, the Central Radio and Television General Service will broadcast live on the screen the occasion of the commemoration of the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the new China, the parade and the mass march.
The head of the central radio and television station gave a presentation in Tokyo on 27 July, on the occasion of the national holiday, the station will have more than 100 machines and will have more than 200 voice-gathering devices at the main.
China is expected to become the largest export market for beef in Australia.
An animal protein analyst from the Dutch Cooperation Bank (Rabobank) stated that, following the outbreak of pigs in Africa, China faced a severe shortage of pork and was expected to become Australia's largest export market for beef.
Following the outbreak of the epidemic, Chinese consumers were shifting from meat consumption to other animal protein, which had led the authorities to destroy many herds, halving the number of pigs in China and almost doubling the price.
China produces and consumes two thirds of the world's pork.
The Dutch Cooperative Bank Senior Animal protein Analyst in China (Chenjun Pan, audio interpretation) indicated that demand for other meat, including beef, increased, with the world's largest importer of animal protein
Ms. Ban said that Chinese imports of beef from Australia had increased by 65 per cent in the first half of the year, and that China had surpassed the United States and Japan and had become Australia's largest export market for beef.
Yesterday, the Chinese Government stated that it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its development at the coordinates of human development
The White Paper states that China has always placed its own development at the bedrock of human development and has always linked its destiny to that of the peoples of the world.
The White Paper states that China contributes to world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China is firmly committed to its own path, concentrating on doing its part, making its country richer and its people happier and providing stability and certainty to a complex and changing world, which in itself.
The new era of China will continue to unswervingly follow the socialist path of Chinese identity, guided by China's classic socialism in a new era.
China had always placed economic growth at the centre of its emerging countries, firmly pursuing the path of high-quality development, pursuing new ideas of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared development, accelerating the building of a modern economic system and better.
Allowing the population to live in good life has always been the greatest objective of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The White Paper stated that China was committed to cooperation for win-win and common development.
"The Chinese people want not only a good day for themselves, but also a good day for other peoples."
China is committed to developing innovation, growth linkages and the integration of interests, promoting a "one-way-fits-all" approach to quality development and contributing to the cause of global poverty reduction and development.
The White Paper stated that China was firmly committed to maintaining and promoting economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is ready to work with the international community to strengthen its leadership to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will pursue a more proactive strategy of openness, creating a more comprehensive, deeper and more pluralistic pattern of external openness, achieving wider mutual benefits and win-win gains in order to maintain and promote economic globalization through practical action.
China was firmly opposed to unilateralism, protectionism and the more open the door would open, accelerating regional economic integration and continuing the internationalization of the People's Currency.
As stated in the White Paper, China is firmly committed to multilateralism and to the maintenance of international justice and justice.
China will remain firmly committed to the United Nations-centred international system, to the international order centred on the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and to working with all States to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
The maintenance of equity and justice are fundamental norms in China's approach to international issues.
China respects the path of development and the social system of the peoples of the world, the sovereignty and territorial integrity of States and the interference of external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will, nor will it allow anyone to impose it on the Chinese people.
The White Paper stated that China was actively involved in leading the reform and building of the global governance system.
As a responsible Power, China has always maintained a balance of rights and obligations, not only in terms of its development demands on the world, but also of the international community's expectations of China and its active participation in the reform and building of global governance.
China actively supports United Nations reform to promote better alignment of the United Nations with the new requirements of global governance in terms of philosophy, institution-building, operating modalities, better discharging its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations and playing a greater role.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, takes stock of successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive destiny of Chinese culture, the commonalities of governance with present times. China
Wang Quang: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On the ground, on 26 September, the State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs attended the Council's open meeting on "Peace and security in Africa" at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his statement, Wang Yang said that China and Africa were good friends, good brothers and good partners.
China has never been absent to help Africa maintain peace and security.
At this juncture, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
More than 10 years have passed since the Chinese Navy's maritime escort in the Gulf of Aden and Somalia, resulting in the cumulative completion of over 1,200 shipments of more than 67,000 ships.
The Prince insists that we support Africa's ability to strengthen peace and security.
The China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund, announced in September 2015, will focus on African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and sustainable development, and has so far launched 34 Africa-related projects as new platforms for China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the path to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and work side by side.
The death of the world's oldest hair, 108 years old, was shipped for 96 years
Messrs. Mansienley (Anthony Mancinelli), the world's top 6-year-old WSSD, New York, United States. He never retired every day and died as a visitor, 19
According to CNN, Mansienley had migrated to the United States at the age of 8, just too long when a hairdresser helped to clean the floor and the 12-year-old began to relieve,
Mansienli, while attending primary school at that time, did not graduate.
The son of Manisinelli, Robert, revealed that his father was love to work and that people from all parts of the world would like him, although he was not healthy and was diagnosed with cancer in February this year.
Robertt, age 82, said that he had to find a new hairdresser now after his father's death, as he had been helped by his father during his lifetime.
More than 100 billion yuan of a record high -- the New Wall Network -- repurchase by listed companies in the course of the year
In order to stabilize corporate prices and preserve corporate image, listed companies began buying shares frequently in the last two years, hoping, inter alia, for targeted repurchase, pooled competitive trading, to increase investor confidence through undervalued.
Oriental wealth Choice data show that in 2017, the share rebought by listed companies was $7.9 billion, surging to $51 billion in 2018, and that, since 2019, the total amount of repurchase had been over $1 billion.
In terms of repurchase purposes, corporate repurchase shares appear to be the same as larger shareholders, but there are significant differences in implementing subjects, sources of funding, repurchase uses, equity interests themselves.
The stock buyout of the Shanghai Mercel Information Consulting Limited Inventory Supervisor, in an interview with the Stock Journal journalist, indicated that there had been a larger stock buyout in November 2018, targeting equity
In January of this year, stock buyout implementation rules for listed companies were officially issued by stock exchanges, and these policies were developed to broaden the sources of financing for stock acquisition by listed companies, appropriately simplify implementation procedures and encourage improved governance arrangements.
As a result of the comment, stock repurchase operations were conducted by listed companies with greater applicability, simpler buy-back processes and greater incentive to repurchase shares.
Repurchase of shares at a relatively low level would also facilitate greater efficiency in the use of funds by listed companies, thereby increasing the level of profitability per equity, increasing net asset returns and reducing pressure on corporate profitability indicators.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is more significant than large shareholders, reflecting the willingness of listed companies to manage the market value of their own initiative and good cash flow.
In the view of Cheang, the underestimation of equity prices is a major factor in the repurchase of listed companies, whose equity prices are no longer reflective of their future development prospects and are therefore of interest to investors, but.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase have at least demonstrated their development confidence and financial strength.
The growing enthusiasm for buy-back by equity companies in A has also normalized repurchase behaviour, with data indicating that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented stock repurchase this year and that leading companies in various industries have become the backward.
Recent disclosures by China Ping state that companies have accumulated shares A through a centralized competitive transaction amounting to 5.59 million shares, or 0.315 per cent of the company's total equity, excluding a total amount of $5 billion (total).
Dividend shares have been paid $5.792 billion for equity repurchase, and the use of repurchase shares has been adjusted in the near future, of which the planned "repurchase share" will be fully used as a secondary equity incentive
The dividend stated that the write-off of some of the repurchased shares would contribute to further raising the level of returns per equity and effectively increasing the return on investment of corporate shareholders.
According to a repurchase progress announcement issued by the TCLG on 25 September, TCLG accumulated 3.59 per cent of corporate shares at a total cost of $1.65 billion.
The TCLG Board of Directors indicated to Stock Day journalists that repurchase shares would be used for employee equity schemes, equity incentives or company bonds that could be converted to shares issued by listed companies.
The TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improving competitiveness and sustaining healthy development.
Based on confidence in the future development of companies and the preservation of investor interests, combined with the performance of secondary markets in recent years, and taking into account factors such as company operations and financial position, companies plan to repurchase shares using self-financing.
The former CHF chief economist, Yang Delon, stated that stock rebates by listed companies could be carried out on the one hand by reducing the volume of shares on the market and increasing each equity return from listed companies on;
There has been a gradual increase in home-grown firms' buy-back in recent years, particularly with regard to merit, and boosting investor confidence through equity repurchase is a very good way to be recognized and encouraged.
The Presidium of the Huhuhuhua and Engineering Mechanical Manufacturers, the Presidium of the Huangan Provincial Council, has four gates of power - Jennam, Xiaqihua and
In the case of the construction of the world's leading industrial cluster of engineering and machinery in Lisha, it is in the staggering words of the present time that the "top surface" is built.
As a city of the hinterland province, the Speaker shouted this words of pride and beauty.
What is left is the power of hegemonic leakage.
The four engineering machines that participated in the dialogue were available in their own hands and covered the fields of God, subsurface, sea and land: Light aircraft with smart in the valley, heavy concrete pumps in the middle.
At some point, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
The time has come for Chinese enterprises to "introduce" to "walk out of" a two-wheel drive "to take the" one-way "initiative and to take over, mergers, build-up, etc. Global
Of these, the three main economic indicators of production, market occupancy, sales, etc., have led the business of the same type.
It is the times in which the camera drives.
The Engineering Machinery Force "Four Gold Congo" is the leader of the Losha Engineering Machinery Cluster and the leading enterprise in the global engineering machinery industry.
In the global industry's riverine lakes, who is alive and living well is the tone to speak.
In earlier years, the global engineering mechanical industry was hit by cold walls, and many internationally renowned engineering mechanical manufacturing enterprises have collapsed, but long sand engineering manufacturing firms have changed from "melting" to "wiming"
It is an exorbitant political gesture.
The development of niche industries requires both active enterprise and government action.
Long sand has the reputation of a "engineering mechanical capital" by bringing together industry-wide chains from upstream to downstream, creating a number of associated industrial clusters, and by optimizing the business environment, improving ancillary services,
Good business practices have led to the emergence of engineering and mechanical manufacturing enterprises.
History has pushed the long sand to the vanguard of the leadership of the global engineering machinery, and it is time for me to wait.
Both Governments and businesses, as well as related producers, should seize opportunities, be responsive, target-oriented and sustain their efforts to contribute to building the strength of the lauan.
The Wang has always presided over the meetings of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of China and of the African States members of the Council.
The Wang has always stated that China is a good brother and partner with African countries.
China stands firmly with its African brothers, past, present and future.
We advocate the holding of this foreign affairs conference as a concrete initiative to implement the important consensus reached by President Li Ping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum last September to strengthen China's solidarity with African countries.
The Wang has always stated that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China always belongs to the vast majority of developing countries, including African countries, in this vote on the Council.
In the face of this new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Council to strengthen solidarity and partnership in the common interest.
The two sides should be united in their power to resolve their disputes through consultation, self-reliance and development.
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the participating African member States thanked China for its initiative in convening this meeting and congratulated the new China on its seventieth anniversary.
The Ministers expressed the view that non-Chinese relations are based on equality and mutual respect and that Africa and China have always been the most trusted and trusted partners of each other.
We appreciate China's important and active role as a permanent member of the Security Council in African affairs and its strong contribution to the just and reasonable resolution of Africa's problems, as well as its tremendous efforts and contributions to the maintenance of African interests.
Today, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism, and only by addressing security issues can it truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further harmonization of positions and greater solidarity with China in the Council.
The Wang has always said that important consensus has been reached at today's meeting.
We all support multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, uphold the purposes and principles of the Charter and oppose unilateralism and hegemony; we all agree to strengthen our mutual support in United Nations and Security Council affairs. "
Gansu Sun: The lake was pulled "out of poverty."
Yellow earth highlands were dragged in the autumn of September.
The 58-year-old villagers of the town of Manama, in a professional cooperative for the benefit of the people, filled with the last grain in the shoreline, watched the white lake and sheep.
"Good food, waiting for the autumn winter to be full, fly out for good money to be sold."
Charvili stated that he gave shepherds a daily "special meal" and regularly cleaned, sterilized and sterilized.
More than 20 years of sheep was raised in Charivili and it was not until the cooperative worked that it was known that the sheep had been erected in the past.
Charivili is a village of the Sharma seepage in Zhou City District, Gansu Province.
His left neighbour, the right house, is a sheep-breeper, but insists on the traditional method of distribution, the quality of the sheep is poor and the fence is small.
In June this year, under the direction of the Government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Full-day drilling and aquaculture was carried out in Charivi because he had always had a strength in his hearts.
The entrants, all of whom were poor families, hosted their sheep to the cooperative, could not distribute the dividends and sell the price at the end of the year, but could all expect him.
Under the guidance of a technician, he slowly learned to be immunized, mastered with science, and became a "good-minded" breeding in a small number of villages.
The Soroptimist professional cooperative is a standardized cooperative consisting of 16 sheds and nearly 1400 sheep.
The director of the cooperative, Zou Tao, said that there were good paths outside the halls of standardized sheep.
"Sheep wool thrives and easily breeds bacteria, lakes are not available in hot wetlands and sheep shacks must be built on three sides of the trench and equipped with wind switches."
Zou Xiaoqiao stated that, in order to prevent immunization, shepherd spraying was required on a regular basis, with three to four doses on the sheep in the first quarter.
In addition to being well housed, "scapegoats" have to eat a mix of grasses, such as maize, wheat, lucery, and have a sufficiently wide range of "playgrounds.
By hosting farming, cooperatives have led local farmers to put good lake sheep there, uniformly cultivate, manage, sell, and commercialize, scientifically, standardize and regenerate.
Today, there are 140 poor households with sheep intake units, with a dividend of more than $6,000 per household per year, and four pick-up card beneficiaries working in cooperatives.
From "pelagic grazing" to "precision feeding," from "local grazing" to "artificial feeding," from "pelagic" to "beating."
Zou Tao stated that if market prices were weak, the local lead company Ganchor Development Limited would buy at a market protection price of $27 per kilogram, helping farmers to diffuse market risks.
Xu Xu, Director-General of Gansu, stated that enterprises were increasingly "moving through services such as loan guarantees, sheep supply, billing, purchase of quotations, uniform processing and marketing" for poor households.
In Sun, at least 8200 poor families have achieved steady increases through herding, good breeding, small-scale farming, slaughtering, market marketing, which are rich in agropastoralism in California.
The town of Zhou is located in a misbelt of agricultural grazing in the north and has abundant grazing resources.
There are currently 913 meat-scale farms, cooperatives and more than 5 million meat farms throughout the city, and two 1.3 million meat slaughter-scale poverty-reduction production lines have been built. "Sheep
The President of France stated that he would reduce taxes by more than Euro1 billion next year and called on Germany to follow suit.
On Saturday, 26 September -- Bruno Le Maire, President of France, said that France would cut taxes by more than Euro10 billion ($10.9 billion) next year, and Germany should step up its fiscal stimulus.
In introducing the French budget for 2020, Lemel stated that the latest monetary easing initiative of the European Central Bank had created an opportunity for Governments of affordable Member States to increase investment.
The European Central Bank lowered to record low on 12 September and planned to restart its debt to reduce borrowing costs in the hope of stimulating economic recovery and boosting inflation.
"Low interest rates do not return Europe to prosperity, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Lemel told journalists.
"The investment is needed in Germany, the sooner it is needed, and the sooner it is. He added that it is not enough to wait until the situation deteriorates."
He has repeatedly called upon Germany to do so.
France has already implemented a tax reduction of more than Euro10 billion this year, which has greatly boosted its economic growth.
The German economy, which is dependent on exports, bears the brunt of the loss of dynamism in the global economy.
Lemel noted that the tax burden of the French family would be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual reduction of corporate tax rates from 33.3 per cent to 25 per cent over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by almost Euro1 billion.
The Congregation General Secretary recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorials, emphasizing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, rehabilitation and management of martyrs' hills.
In order to follow up on the important instructions of the Secretary-General, efforts have been made to advance the management of martyrs' memorial facilities through the publication of a programme of work for the renovation of martyrs' memorial. General
The Programme of Work is a platform document for the management of martyrs' memorial facilities, defines the objectives of the martyr's preservation management and proposes to plan for the construction of martyrs' memorial facilities and marred;
The Programme of Work makes it clear that the maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities should be strengthened, their maintenance effectively strengthened on an integrated, long-term basis, and that efforts should be made to develop institutional mechanisms for leadership improvement; and organizational improvement
The Programme of Work emphasizes the need to develop systems and organizational safeguards, strengthen organizational leadership, establish working mechanisms led by the Ministry of Veterans, the active participation of relevant units, and the implementation of martyrs' protection programmes;
Research: The United States National Healthy Diet Index (NHI) has grown slightly, but is still challenging -- the Mid-term New Net
According to the United States News Network on 27 September, a recent United States study in the United States shows that the United States Government's healthy diet index has grown moderately over the past 16 years, from 56 to 58.
However, in the case of 100 out of 100, this is not to be celebrated.
United States nationals continue to face "significant challenges" in diet.
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Yaroman, a nutrient researcher at Tavts University, Massachusetts, stated that Americans still consume too much of the national diabetes and obesity.
The study was published on 24 April in the Journal of the American Medical Society.
The study is based on the findings of the United States Government health survey of 44,000 adults from 1999 to 2016.
The authors write that "despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain."
These challenges are known to include reduced intake by United States nationals of foods containing saturated fats such as diets, hot dogs, sow cattle and yellow oil.
Studies have found that the intake of these unhealthy fats in the daily diet has increased from 11.5 per cent to 12 per cent, exceeding the recommended maximum intake of 10 per cent.
The greatest improvement in the national diet in the United States has been the reduction of sugar consumption from 16 per cent to about 14 per cent, but the intake is still too high.
The official view is that sugar-added intake in daily diets should be less than 10 per cent.
The reasons for the decrease in sugar intake were seen by researchers as linked to a decrease in the consumption of sweet gasoline, but aromatic emphasized that sugar was often included in food, such as acid milk and tomane.
There has been a small increase in the intake by American adults of foodstuffs in the fruits, nuts, barrels and other whole grain categories.
However, data for 2016 show that these diets still account for less than 5 per cent of the daily diet.
Although the intake of salt has been slightly reduced and the reduction in drinking juice has led to the intake of low-quality hydrocarbons, aromatic states that they still account for up to 42 per cent of daily heat
The study is based on a biennial personal health survey, which allows adults to recall the food they have eat in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have been asked about this issue twice every few days since 2003.
The Government's guidelines for the diet of United States residents recommend the introduction of a "healthy diet model" to reduce the likelihood of chronic disease.
The guide states that people should consume more nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, cereals, low lipid dairy products, and fish, wasting meat, poultry meat, egg.
During the study, the number of people suffering from diabetes among United States nationals almost doubled to more than 7 per cent and the prevalence of obesity increased in many years of research - about 70 per cent of American adults today overweight or obesity.
Furthermore, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among United States nationals.
EU promotion of strategic partnerships with Asia
The Forum was attended by members of the Central Political Directorate, the Secretary-General of the Central Registry, the Minister of Central Economy, Nguyen Nguyen.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the Forum was "The EU-Asia Connect: Building Bridges for the Future of Sustainable Development."
The Forum was held one year after the implementation of the twinning strategy in two European Union continents.
The President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Carrier, said that strengthening the interface was part of that idea, as it brought benefits to the peoples and economies concerned.
These relationships help bring stability and manoeuvre to the parties concerned.
At the same time, he believed that the European Union wished to convey its message on enhancing participation and consolidating mutually beneficial reciprocal relations between Europe and Asia.
Prime Minister Astrip of Japan was a guest guest of the Forum and would make an important statement in the plenary.
Establishment of the first national company of equity finance subsidiaries Science and technology empowerment operations
The Guangzhou Bank's full-fledged subsidiaries, Guangzhou Finance Limited, was inaugurated in Blue Island on 26 September, the first of its kind in our country.
Experts indicated that asset management was an important area for the development of financial science and technology and that the establishment of financial subsidiaries by banks would facilitate their use of scientific and technological means to upgrade their regulatory operations.
In April of this year, the Guangzhou Bank and the Evangelical Bank issued separate bulletins stating that they had been approved by the Chinese Banking Supervisory Board for the establishment of financial subsidiaries.
On 24 September, the Guangzhou Bank announced that it had been officially authorized to open business.
Just two days later, the Guangzhou Bank took the lead in establishing bright money on Yangon by running a number of stock-based banks.
Li Xiaog, President of the Great Group, said that the Group would accelerate innovation and use modern scientific and technological thinking and tools to improve financial capital coverage, utilization and penetration, based on big data, Internet and cloud
By 2021, the establishment of the "Four Pillar" for sound financial and technological development in our country will further enhance the capacity of the financial industry to apply science and technology, integrate finance with technology, coordinate development and significantly enhance
Xu Xudong, President of the Chancellor of Finance, will use intelligent, intelligent research, big data and other technologies to help him to better make macroeconomic situation judgements.
New technologies, such as block chains, will also be applied in the future to capture the direction and trends from traditional to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
The Director-in-Charge of the National Financial and Development Laboratory indicated that, in the face of an entirely new competition in the regulatory sector, IFS and regulators would explore new growth paths with the latter.
The empowerment of financial science and technology is both a need for the transformative development of financial science and technology itself and will inject new dynamism and dynamism into the development of regulatory operations.
At the beginning of this year, Kindong Digital Science and Technology launched a new EMS system to upgrade the research and development and wind control capabilities of regulated products through technology and digitization.
The new system, starting with product design, sales transactions, asset management and risk assessment of four major capabilities, improves the overall intelligent performance of the pipeline industry.
In the view of experts, while upgrading client service capabilities and innovative products, SMS can also enhance risk preparedness and improve the efficiency of regulation.
Zhang Xudong indicated that in the past, client risk preferences were easily biased through questionnaires, while the use of manual smart user images now helped to better position clients, introduce corresponding products based on clients' investment preferences and help to mitigate.
"Additional big data, such as electrical, temporal and temporal data, can help us better define the activity and landslide of an area, an industry."
Zhang Xudong said that, while mitigating risks, big data technology would also help to improve wind control.
Chinese railway tunnel erection of the deepest record was updated
The Mid-Nusra Metropolitan Railway, 27 September (Zhou Guangzhou), worked over 1,200 daylight, broke down the tunnel at Langon 1.
The tunnels of the main Railway, 34.5 km long, are located in Yunnan, and the tunnel runs from the anger River West Bank across the Hurangon Mountains and is the longest.
The tunnel runs 19 fracture belts and is buried at a maximum depth of 1155 metres, as it covers almost all possible adverse geological and major risks to the construction of the tunnel, known as "the tunnel."
The erection of wells is the most important auxiliary pit route to the tunnel in the Hurricon Mountains, with the important task of increasing the operational space for "long tunnels" and later rail.
The successful excavation of borehole 1 to the end of the wells marked the construction of the formal entry-level tunnel in the Mount al-Trigon tunnel, which could be increased by four additional fields and
"Where wells are erected all over the lake rock floor, the extent to which they have a deep drain is high due to the high fracture of the rock layers and the lack of access to water."
The Chief Engineer of the Mid-Railway Project of the Central Railway Agency told journalists that there had been multiple landslides and landslides in the construction of the well and that experts had been invited to study.
"The bottom of a well of more than 300 cubic metres per hour and more than 700 metres deep, with a water pressure equivalent to 700 metres deep, is highest in the borehole."
The landscaping said, "One hour will drown 10 metres, almost 85 per cent of our time is spent on water treatment and 15 per cent on excavation, if water is not extracted in a timely manner."
In order to overcome the geological difficulties such as vertical fencing of 1 well rock, mudslides and abundant flowers, tunnel construction uses a combination of "exploration, note, excavation" systems to reduce construction risks.
As a result of several improvements, borehole 1 has developed mechanized water flow lines such as excavation systems, discharge systems, suspension systems, hanging lifting systems, and has resulted in the construction of boreholes, blets.
Ultimately, after more than 1,200 day and night work, the erection of the wells successfully completed 762.59 metres of deep excavation.
The Chase Railway, which has a total length of 330 km, is an important component of the international corridor to China and Myanmar and an important transport infrastructure for the implementation of the "one-size-fits-all" project.
With the establishment of the motorcycle, travel time to Rice will be shortened from six to two hours on the road, which will significantly improve transport patterns in the western part of the country and facilitate trade and staff friendly trade between China.
Mr. Lin Zheng Chung: As a Chinese, I am proud of the achievements of the country
The press in Hong Kong celebrated its seventieth anniversary.
The Hong Kong press celebrated the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China on 27 July in Hong Kong.
The Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Chung Long, addressed the Alcohol Conference, said that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years had been visible and that we were proud of them as Chinese.
Lingzon, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Port-au-Prince, Deputy Commissioner-General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Song Ann, Deputy Political Commissioner of the Army in Port-au-Prince. Kang
As stated in Lint Chung Chung's speech, China has worked hard over the past 70 years and has faced many difficult challenges, but we are all proud of what has been achieved and that we are all proud as Chinese.
Hong Kong's return to its homeland has been tight with the hinterland, progressing hand in hand and sharing fruitful results.
It is believed that, in the context of a "one country, two systems," Hong Kong's future can continue to take advantage of the "one-size-fits-all" and the opportunities of the Hong Kong Bay region.
She also stated that the past few months had been marked by numerous social disputes affecting every Hong Kong and by different challenges faced by journalists.
At this critical juncture, it is hoped that friends of the press will continue to come forward with professionalism, provide fair and balanced news coverage for society and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and for a renewed dialogue of rational communication.
In a loyal speech, Kang noted that the shining journey of the new China was also a journey of Hong Kong's development, progress, blood, humiliation and coexistence with its homeland.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to its homeland, the central Government has been steadfast in implementing the "one country, two systems," "port of law," a high degree of self-government, working with the interior. Mutual benefits
To that end, the press in Hong Kong gathered to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
He stated that the past three months had been marked by a series of blatant and wanton acts of violence against social stability in Hong Kong, which had been fuelled by distorted and spurious media reports.
He called on the media to inspire and create a favourable atmosphere for all to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media are required to adhere to journalistic professional norms, to guide citizens to consciousness and violence with genuine reports and responsible statements, and to uphold the impartiality and authority of the law.
Some 500 people from all walks of life, including the press in Hong Kong, attended the conference and joined the guest of the priest to offer their best wishes for the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
Journalists learned from the Nimin City Advocacy Department that, with effect from 1 October, the city of Sinnin will apply the regulation for the promotion of civilized behaviour in the city, focusing on the exclusion of pedestrians.
According to Queen Bin, Deputy Minister of Communication, Director of the City Alliance of Civilizations, the city has seen a marked improvement in the level of civic literacy and morality since it was renamed by the National Civic City in 2017.
However, pedestrians walking through the road, breaking red lights, non-motorized vehicles do not follow traffic instructions; high-altitude discards, windows; smoking in public places, dogs, etc.
In the light of the reality of Six, "what is required" from "public places, public order, public facilities, public health, civilized travel, civilized Internet, building civilized schools, promoting civilized families, performing heroes"
"Putting in place regulations to eliminate blind and misguided areas in the area of civilized behaviour and provide comprehensive guarantees for citizens' behaviour, ownership, meals, travel, education, tourism, access to the Internet, green life, marrying"
The Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the Sein Municipality said.
Next night Beijing Metro-1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be extended for the operation of the medium-sized new network
On the afternoon of today (27 September), Beijing Metro Inc. (Journalist Bui Camer) announced that between 27 September and 7 October, lines 1, 2 and 7 will be adjusted for extended shuttle operations.
During the extended period of operation, the operation of lines 1 and 2 of the metro will last until the morning of the following day, with an average of one trip of 10 minutes.
Operation was extended by 61 minutes to the west of line 1 and 64 minutes to the east and 95 minutes to the end of each terminal after the following day, and 81 minutes to the back of gate 2.
Shuttle shuttle from 23: 15 to 00: 15 on the next day, and from the ancient station 25: 25 to the Beijing West Station
British tourists were dragged into the lake for five days when their families were trapped in France
Recently, a couple in British Wales took two children to France on holiday, leaving the car keys inadvertently in the lake, and the family was forced to wait five days before taking new keys to the car manufactu.
The couple then left France with their children.
At the local time, on 16 September, when the British family visited a lake upstream in France, her daughter thrown a bag with little care, and his car keys were dropped into the lake.
They had spent a few hours and had not been able to find the keys.
All of their belongings and cash were locked in the vehicle.
Although British tourists purchased insurance prior to departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
Only one trailer was hired to keep the car at a repair plant, and the keys were rescheduled from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, British tourists finally took the keys to the formulation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of the key of the car.
Saudi official issuance of tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
Since that date, Saudi Arabia has officially issued tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, at a total cost of SAR 440 (approximately RMB 836).
Tourists are required to prepare a medical insurance coverage in Saudi Arabia and to apply for a address in Saudi Arabia.
Tourists may apply for a label at the airport after the landing of the aircraft, or by applying for an electronic label via visa.visitsco.com.
Of these, electronic signatures are more than once a year, allowing tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country for ordinary tourists, as it has never issued a tourist visa.
In recent years, under the leadership of Lieutenant Prince Muhammad Ben Salman, Saudi Arabia has promoted Vision 2030, aimed at reducing the long-term dependence of its economy on oil, and open tourism and tourism development are important components.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, Igor Liashenko, made a working visit to the province of Hingian, Viet Nam.
During the meeting, the Secretary-General of the Council highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in the province.
MAZ ASIA automobile production and the installation of factories into production are important developments in cooperation between enterprises in the two countries and contribute to the development of cooperation with Belarus in the province of Hounton and even in Viet Nam.
According to HNZ Secretary Du, the province has been facilitating investment in Belarusian enterprises in the province, and it is hoped that in the future, more vigorous measures will be taken to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko expressed appreciation for the recent facilitation of the production operations of Belarusian enterprises in the province of Hingan.
It was to be hoped that the province would continue to facilitate Belarusian enterprises.
Following the meeting, the team of Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko attended the completion of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot notification of commitments in areas such as licensing of the production of low-risk varieties of foodstuffs and delegation of authority to foreign business representatives to self-trade zones
On 27 July, the Shanghai City Market Regulatory Authority signed a working memorandum with the Government of the New District of Podong, introducing 20 market regulatory reforms, some of which were pilot-tested throughout the country.
It was stated that the commitment to inform the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements set out in the law and regulations in connection with the registration of the relevant license.
After the applicant has signed the promise, the administrative authority may proceed directly.
Under the aide-memoire, the Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority will support three areas of business name registration, simple, low-risk varieties of food production authorizations and partial metered-dose instrument-type approval to enterprises,
On 27 July, the Shanghai Bank World Food Ltd. immediately obtained a Food Production Licence by notifying its commitment and became the first enterprise to benefit from the pilot dividend.
The head of the business stated that food permits were also available on the spot and that the "take-off" approach, which allowed the enterprise to submit partial submissions in accordance with the deadline stipulated in the letter of commitment, "effectively felt."
The Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority has indicated that the implementation of a commitment system for food production licences is a national pilot.
As a result of the reforms, the processing chain was shortened from the previous "registration, receipt, on-site verification, sample inspection, material clearance, approval and certification" to "registration, receipt, approval and closure" to the three.
Taking into account the high economic exodus of Podong, the Shanghai Market Regulatory Authority devolves the registration of permanent representatives of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Area to facilitate business proximity.
Statistics show that the devolution involved a total of 1592 permanent representative bodies in the Shanghai FTA, of which 99 were in accordance with the new regulations.
"XI" Small Survey of Long Leave Consumption: Choice of a More Diversified Tourism occupies the first place.
The national holiday is nearing, and people's leave plan is being finalized.
Nearly 20 feedback received from Stock Times journalists who had recently launched a small survey of "11" leave arrangements in the circle of friends indicated that, although their plans varied, "tourism + consumption" became the key term for "XI."
More specifically, in the feedback received by Stock Times journalists, more than half of them chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who was in Tianjin, stated that he planned to go to Shanghai with his family during the "11-day journey," Mr. Dini was the first place, and Ms. Lee of Beijing, "
The Evangelical Gold Week 2019 Report on Evangelical Trends and Evolution Trends, published in conjunction with Evangelical and Evangelical Tourism, shows a clear trend
There has been a steady increase in the penetration rate of aircraft, high iron flowers and an increase in the demand for planetary hotels and personalized and unmarked accommodation.
On 23 September, the United States Mission released the Jubilee Tourism Consumption Report 2019, which shows that tourism consumption continues to thrive and has shown an escalation of "eating play" pluralism.
More young people prefer high-quality, distinctive experiences, and the intensity of cultural tourism, night tourism, etc., continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all types of consumption demand were released centrally during the "XI" period.
Mr. Wang Wang, who is a resident, sued a journalist in the Stock Journal, the main programme of this year's "XI" is to buy a car. "
In Beijing, a car brand 4S staff member indicated to Stock Newsletter journalists that, in general, September and October of each year were referred to as the gold period for the sale of cars.
A number of activities will be launched during the "XI" period, such as a drawing of prizes and a reduction in the number of visits to the shop.
In addition, a number of brands have recently introduced new models, the effect of which is expected to be more pronounced in terms of sales.
As a result of the rising trend in consumption, more emphasis has been placed on the satisfaction of mental needs and the proportion of consumption of services, such as culture and education, has increased.
Ms. Du, who lived in Beijing, stated that "since the birth of the child, culture, education and consumption have become the bulk of household spending on consumption."
This year, the "eleventh" platoon was fully equipped to go to the "pickup" astronomy, children's theatres, some families on weekends to the reindeer Museum for tents. "
According to industry, in theory, the consumer upgrading pathway for the population is one of subsistence consumption to developmental consumption and enjoyment consumption, a significant part of which is the category of service consumption.
With the growing development of our economy and the rising income levels of our population, the growing focus on consumption needs at the spiritual level, tourism and travel are a good way to go.
In particular, catching up with the "eleventh" national holiday, with more time and a greater willingness to travel and consume, is both a reflection of the spiritual demand for consumption and an increase in consumption among the population.
The silence that began in the afternoon, and the unwillingness to go out, has yet to adjust the children's absence.
For pick-up, say to dog nana: The mother takes you out of the door.
Some of the things to be done have been carefully written, and the character of Type A blood is becoming stronger and it is felt to be very different.
Take clothes, buy nutrient particles, pay, buy fish and make snaphthes.
This is the reason for the departure.
In the telephone, the nearest siblings of their siblings had gone uncovered, and there was no alternative to the purchase of petty food.
On that side, a few smilings were made, and the children got down when they came to the telephone.
The Nana light car skilfully jumped to the helpline, where she was on the ground, knowing that she was a stun, panic and untouched to escort me.
Her husband, Boo, returned earlier.
The company lamented the snacks of three belts of sheep fruit and then went to the bedroom to lie on the bed to see the television.
Looking at what is on the wall, just at 7 a.m., it is too early to leave the country and it is already dark.
The circle of friends was enlightened, as it was today in the middle autumn.
A toes sent by a group of friends were washed and half were left to Boo, and the rest was left in a luxury dishes to look at the bright end of the month.
When Nana is sitting on the ground, I eat her vineyards to eat her, and I say much more about the vine's seeds and spawns.
The bright of the month is hide in the cloud, it is in the cloud, the bright of the month is invisible, and there are dark signs.
There is a proliferation of poems on tomorrow's month, with a clear preference for clientele: Three to five years to reunite / to wear a corn fence / beat on the next wheel.
Perhaps we give too much emotion to the month, and for me now, that is God's fate to God and that of Kessa is the best.
The month is a monograph, and the emotion comes to you.
When the toes were erected, what were the cooling cooling of the group?
The Naana corps had a slight sound on her feet, standing up, paving her small blankets on her small house and sleeping fast on her side.
Shouting the door: Were bathing water burned?
The windows from the bathroom were expected to flash for less than a month and only felt the moisture, shattered the bathroom and shattered the glass.
There is no cake and no alcohol.
In 2020, the Dubai Expo published an auspicious message.
The greeting ceremony of the Dubai Expo in 2020 was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on 26 June.
It consists of six cartoon images, including two children of the United Arab Emirates, three robots to fly and a beans pasture in the United Arab Emirates.
Six auspicious messages were presented to the audience through video clips.
The 9-year-old boy Rashid and the 8-year-old girl Latifa are siblings and represent the UAE people.
Three robots responded to the three sub-themes of the World Expo, the blue robot representative "mobile," the green robot representative "sustainability" and the yellow robot representative "opportunity."
An ancient beans tree, named "Salma," is the "old grandmother" of five "small families," symbolizing the ancestors who are guarding the land.
Mr. Ahmed, Chairman of the High Commission of the Dubai Express, said that haste could strengthen the emotional link between the large events and the participants, "believing that the beauty of the Dubai Express will convey."
The session was attended by the Vice-President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Dubai Chiefs Mohamed, Dubai Prince Hamdan, Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates, Director of the Dubai Bureau.
The Dubai Expo will be held in Dubai from 20 October 2020 to 10 April 2021 on the theme "Communication for the future."
This will be the first time that the World Expo will be held in the Middle East region.
Chinese students will be able to apply for German undergraduate studies for higher education starting next year
Recently, the Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation of foreign qualifications in Germany, was announced on the Internet: Starting in 2020, high school graduates in China can apply directly for German university undergraduate studies without first registering at.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates wanted to apply for German universities for a degree (211, 985 universities) or three (general subjects) in the country and passed an APS audit or TestAS examination.
The issuance of new regulations would save at least half a year for Chinese students who wished to stay in Germany.
According to the information received, the new regulations will enter into force in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to complete 12 years of regular compulsory education and to obtain a high school diploma; to take up to 70 per cent of the total scores and above (including two or more of the total score of 750) and above.
In addition, the requirements for high achievement vary among specific professions.
For example, applications for medicine, oral medicine, veterinary science, pharmacology, etc. At least 80 per cent of the specializations must be complete, and higher subjects must include mathematics, physics, chemistry
According to incomplete statistics, a number of countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and others, have now endorsed China's high-level achievement.
For example, in the case of the United Kingdom, the University of Cambridge, the University of Birmingham, the University of Leester, etc., all students from China apply for high-level studies.
Military "robotic dogs" began with performance classes Heliophysical groups: Consideration was given to the inclusion of performers.
The US-sponsored development of the "robotic dog" for use in the battlefield may now be even more advanced in the theatre!
The Sun Mart Corps had recently indicated that it was in contact with Boston Dynamics, which was developing robots, to discuss the feasibility of robots applying to gamma performances.
Integrated media reporting, Boston Dynamics Inc., 24 days, published a leaflet entitled "Frontex Spot," which showed that St was an agile mobile robot with a high range of 14 kg
In particular, St has an exclusive soft platform specifically developed for St, and users can set their own pott robotic function through a variety of applications.
Boston Dynamics and Technology Corporation first published a robotic dog concept in 1992, causing shelling, although it has yet to become truly commercially operational.
Boston Dynamics and Technology, however, notes that St is currently in the production phase and that most of the subscribers are in the construction and energy industries.
In addition, the Sun Mart Theatre is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics and Technology Corporation, which states that the painting is at the conceptual stage and assessing the potential of Ssot to be used.
White paper "China and the World in a New Age" issued by the Press Office of the State Department
On the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China, the Press Office of the State Department launched the White Paper "China and the World in the New Age" on 27 July.
Xu Xu, Deputy Minister of China and Director of the Information Office of the State Department, said that the White Paper describes how China has developed, how China has developed, how it has developed and how it has developed in the world.
The White Paper notes that China has undergone dramatic changes over the past 70 years under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, creating an unprecedented development miracle in human history, particularly since its eighteenth anniversary, with historic achievements and changes.
The White Paper presents, through a wealth of data and facts, the great achievements, significance and world contribution of China's development over the past 70 years.
According to the White Paper, China had spent several decades passing through the centuries-old course of development in developed countries, with its economy leapfrogging to the second largest in the world, leaving nearly 1.4 billion people with material shortages.
The White Paper emphasizes that, for 70 years, the Chinese people have come home, self-reliance, hard work and a new horizon; for 70 years, China has contributed to the development of the world, embracing the world and learning.
The White Paper states that the success of China's development over the past 70 years is rooted in the fact that, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the right path of development of Chinese identity socialism.
The White Paper emphasized that China's unique socialist path is a path based on its own national circumstances, one that places the interests of its people first, a path of reform and innovation, a path of common development in openness, and a comprehensive.
This path of development for China, consistent with China's national circumstances and adapted to the demands of the times, will increasingly show brighter development prospects as the era moves forward.
In response to the international community's concern for China's development, the White Paper emphasized that achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and the well-being of the people was both a dream of the Chinese people and a shared dream for all.
The White Paper states that China is the main stabilizer and driver of world economic growth, that full foreign openness creates more opportunities for national development, that China provides more public goods to the international community and that China's development provides experience and strength
In the face of the question about the era of "how the world is, how humankind does," the White Paper states that today's world is in the midst of centuries of great change and that human society is both hopeful and challenging.
China offers new options for human development by creating a community of human destiny, creating new paths for cooperation in win-win and shared development.
The White Paper calls on States to unite to forge new international relations, promote new forms of economic globalization, preserve the United Nations-centred international system, promote exchange of experiences among civilizations, work together to build a community of human destinies and
With China's growing development, the international community is generally concerned about how the developed China can live with the world.
As stated in the White Paper, China's development is inextricably linked to the world and to its peaceful development, prosperity and stability.
China has always placed its own development at the bedrock of human development, insists on cooperative win-win, shared development, maintained and promoted economic globalization, actively developed global partnerships, firmly supported multilateralism, maintained international justice and promoted global governance.
China's development is now entering a new era.
The White Paper states that the determination of the new era of China to follow the socialist path of China's identity will not change, the determination to learn from each other and to work together with the world will not change.
The White Paper concluded that, in today's world, the destiny of nations has never been so closely linked.
The White Paper, "China and the World in the New Age," consists of the foreword, the text and the concluding words, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The White Paper was published in eight languages, namely, Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese. It was published by the People's Press, the Foreign Press and distributed at the New Chinese Bookshop.
Has Moward won a by-election to the Storting of Danvit, Rovard State?
The President of the Mahua General Council, Dag Sribi, is available: "The Supreme Council of FLNKS discusses!"
Attention is drawn to the imminence of the Davin-Ian by-election, as well as to the fact that Mahua, a member party of FLNP, has taken up the traditional seat.
However, following the meeting of the Council, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of FLNKS to decide whether or not the Mayawa traditional seat would continue to be handed over to it or replaced by.
In the afternoon of Wei Wei, after presiding over the Mava Central Council, the media indicated that any by-elections would be conducted by RUF in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOP), i.e. through the Supreme Council.
He said that the meeting of the Supreme Council of FLNP was expected to take place in early October, as the Electoral Commission would meet only next week (1) to finalize the by-election for the Danht-Ian seat.
"Yesterday morning (26), I also met with the President of RUF, Dato 'Sri' Al-Ajawzashi, and we all agreed that this seat must be regained from the coalition of hope."
"We look forward to the convening of a meeting of the leaders of the Special National Front in early October, in which the three parties of the National Front will determine which member party will stand."
Asked and if Mava insisted on his traditional seat as President of the Supreme Council of RUF, Wei Jii reiterated that he, as President of APG, had to act in accordance with standard operating procedures and that any decision must.
"In any by-election, it is commonplace to show that there is a political party or someone who believes that they should come forward." "
"Above all, what are our organizations and political alliances?"
"This is a major test of the political alliance that we have been forming for many years, and we believe that the nation is on the road and holds some valuable values."
"It is not surprising that some may say something in the process." "
"Once the Supreme Council of RUF has taken a decision, however, it will be most valuable for everyone to be fully prepared." "
In any event, Wei expressed his country's full commitment at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Council and the central level, in preparation for the upcoming Dovbot-Ian by-election.
"The District Council is headed by the Governor of the District Council (Danvibiai), who is headed by Governor Sriyong; the State Board is headed by the Governor of Rairou, Wallingen."
Last Saturday (21 November), a member of the Native Unity Party Danht Bin Congress, who oversaw the heart of Al Mohaj, died at a government hospital in an unwieldy age 42.
Hunting of wild animals by villagers in Baucau County was ordered "compulsory cruise"
A villager in Hubekang County was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to pay compensation in the amount of $15420 for environmental damage to the ecological resources (RMB, the same amount).
Due to the indigence of the accused's family, the Public Prosecution Service introduced alternative labour to compensate ecological rehabilitation costs, achieving an organic uniformity of legal and social effects.
The Deputy Attorney-General of the District Prosecutor's Office of Conakry gave a presentation on 27 days that through three months of alternative work, such as "compulsory cruise," the accused had developed deep feelings about the past hunting.
On 21 June this year, a criminal incidental civil interest suit in the field of ecological resources, initiated by the Consul District Prosecutor's Office, was heard in public and handed down in court in the district courts.
The accused was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of three years, suspended for four years and sentenced to a fine of $3,000, and ordered to pay compensation in the amount of $15420 for environmental damage to the ecological resources.
It was found that, starting in late January 2014, electric grids had been erected on the cliff, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including zebra, wheat, wool reindeer, etc.
Zebelle belongs to endangered wildlife at the national level and is listed as the National List for Protection of Wild Animals.
During the hearing, a person pleaded guilty to his unlawful facts and conduct and was willing to incur incidental civil liability.
However, taking into account the poor economic situation of a given family, the local village council, forest station, or a tripartite agreement to compensate for the cost of ecological rehabilitation, i.e., one year's restoration of monkeys in the village.
In response to the prosecutor's recommendation, the court accepted the obligation to "compensate the ecological rehabilitation costs of alternative labour" while agreeing to a suspended sentence on a weekly basis.
Currently, there are three months of compulsory work on weekends in the kikey protected area, and the cruise is active and performing well.
In recent years, the Consul District Prosecutor's Office has in practice integrated prosecution functions and social governance practices, using oversight methods such as prosecutorial advice, investigative supervision and prosecutorial supervision to minimize the environmental damage caused by criminal acts through judicial means.
United Nations award of the Earth Defender Award for "ant forests"
The head of the "ant forest" project, Xiaodi and the user's representative, took the award from the moderator for the 2019 United Nations Cup of Earth Guards in a lively voice and an ambitious music.
The Global Defender's Award, held in New York, United States, on 26 June 2019, was awarded as an incentive and action award for the "ant forest" project, which brought hundreds of millions of people into environmental action.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced its winners' list at its headquarters in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya, but those who took part in the award ceremony on that day remained touched.
In an interview with New Chinese journalists, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Emile Annien, said that "ant forests" were an exciting innovation that brought hundreds of millions of people together to understand the environmental challenges.
It connects people and the environment with science and technology to enable each individual to participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a great impact.
The "ant forest" was launched in August 2016 by the China ant Financial Services Group (hereinafter, ant Metals) on the Metals Platform, where users record green, online payments for low-carbon actions in their daily life.
Each user breeds a virtual tree, a "ant forest" and a public good partner cultivate a real tree in a desertification area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users had accumulated carbon reductions of 9.92 million tons, and 122 million trees had been planted in desertification areas.
In the Earth Defender Award awarded the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental efforts, and President Carlos Alvarado of Costa Rica, who came to the award, hailed the "green forests" on the ground.
The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Kenzo, of ant Merex, said that the Earth Defender Award was an affirmation of the "ant forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life, an honour that belongs to all participants.
Kenzo indicated that the "ant forests" have affected 500 million people over the past three years and that the goal of "ant forests" for the next three years is to engage 1 billion people globally in low-carbon action.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring ways to increase farmers' income from green water in Blue Mountains.
In addition to providing employment through tree planting, it is hoped that farmers will be helped to generate income through agricultural development projects, electronic platforms, etc.
The digital-technology-based public-good environmental model created by "ant forests" has also been successful in reaching out to other countries.
In June this year, the largest e-money package in the Philippines, GCash, launched the Philippine version of 'ant forest' to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
It was reported that GCash, in partnership with the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines and Environmental Public Interest, would plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The Earth Guard Award is the highest United Nations award in the field of environmental protection and is awarded annually.
"Ant Forest" was awarded for the third consecutive year of "Green Innovation Project from China" after the construction of the Sehan dam in China, the Zhejiang village demonstration in Zhejiang Province of China. "
Economic and trade friction affects the "scorecard" of the United States economy.
The United States economic "scorecard" for the second quarter of this year shows that the growth of gross domestic product (GDP) in the United States was significantly slower than in the previous quarter, influenced by a significant decline in private sector.
Analysts noted that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty associated with it were the main causes of the second quarter's decline in private sector investment and exports.
Final revised data published 26 days by the United States Department of Commerce show an annual increase of 2 per cent in United States GDP in the second quarter, which is the same as the previous revision, but is significantly below 3.1 per cent in the quarter.
The data show that growth in consumption has been a major factor underpinning the economic growth of the United States in the second quarter.
Private consumption expenditure, which accounted for about 70 per cent of the United States economy, increased by 4.6 per cent during the current season, triggering 3.03 percentage points of economic growth.
In addition, government spending on consumption and investment spurred economic growth of 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment declined by 6.3 per cent in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter, exceeding 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell 5.7 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and net exports lagged by 0.68.
According to Barry Knapp, the managing partner of Eensaid Macroeconomic Consulting in the United States, private sector investment not only failed to sustain the growth momentum of the past year, but declined significantly because of.
According to Knapp, under the influence of policy uncertainty, United States corporate capital expenditure is expected to remain on a downward trend in the coming year.
According to analysts, although consumption growth strongly buttressed the United States economy in the second quarter, there were growing indications that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty it created had affected consumer confidence and had a negative impact on United States consumption prospects.
The head of the survey, Richard Kirtin, Professor of Economics, University of Michigan, stated earlier that, in a recent survey, 38 per cent of consumers referred spontaneously to the negative impact of tariffs on the United States economy.
With regard to future United States economic trends, analysts generally believe that the United States economy will continue to slow down.
However, it was also suggested that the performance of the industrial sector and financial markets in the United States would improve if economic and trade friction were eased.
The British economist's think tank, global economist Keleen Berg, predicts that the future United States economy will continue the downward trend since this year, with growth rates falling to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, Chief Economist of Moody's Analyst, predicts that the United States economy will grow by 2.3 per cent this year, assuming that economic friction will not continue to escalate, with a further slowdown.
The investment manager of Patnan Investment Company, Ellen Hatten, noted that the greatest concern of enterprises at the moment was the economic and trade disputes and their associated uncertainties, which, if resolved, would be significantly reduced and better.
Miller-Tabak Asset Management Stock Strategy Technician Mart Merley said that economic friction remained a "primary problem" and the main reason for this year's significant volatility in United States capital markets, which would be properly addressed.
Joint Parental Leave for Parental Leave for Children 0-3 year olds in Ningsa 10 days per year
The protection of the legal rights and interests of women is an expression of respect for and protection of human rights and an important sign of the progress of social civilization.
On 27 September, at the fifteenth meeting of the 12-year Standing Committee of the Nimba Native Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in the Nimba Autonomous Region were adopted.
This is a comprehensive and systematic local regulation for the legal rights and interests of women enacted by the province of Nimba, which will be fully implemented as of 1 November 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted at this time were amended on the basis of the 2007 Programme for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in the Family, Political, Cultural Rights
In the Regulations, Nimba encouraged the exploration of joint parental leave, the first of its kind in the country.
In April of this year, the Guidance on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Children under 3 years of age, issued by the Executive Office of the State Council, described the joint parenting of couples.
In the process of amending the Regulations in Ningsa, innovation was introduced to "encourage employers to grant joint parental leave to couples with children in compliance with the law and regulations for a period of 10 days each year for children up to three years."
At the same time, the Ordinance highlights the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
In article 43 of the Regulations, the most recent legislative results in China's current Civil Code Bill of Rights have been incorporated, specifying the constitutive elements of sexual harassment, the subject matter of and mechanisms against sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the high incidence of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to undertake relevant educational, protective and preventive work as a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and to dispose of the common property of the matrimonial family, article 35 of the Regulations clearly establishes the obligation of women to inform and register their joint property and to provide strong institutional support for women defenders.
In addition, section 26 of the Ordinance prohibits not only direct discrimination but also indirect discrimination in response to social hotspots - gender discrimination in employment - and draws on the latest experience of joint interviews to strengthen the punishment of gender discrimination offences.
In recent years, NJW's joint public prosecution law department, civil affairs, etc., has been very successful in promoting and introducing the involvement of social professional forces in the mediation of marital family disputes and the fight against domestic violence.
The Regulations summarize and promote this, and several laws encourage the mobilization of social forces, the pooling of social resources to defend women's interests, and require stable, institutional guarantees and support from people's governments at the district level and above.
Salinaline acres of rice produced in thousands of kilograms at the UNITA Station of Yuan Ping, near Mongolia
On 27 days, the journalist learned from the New UNITA Administration in the Autonomous Region of Internal Mongolia that good news had been received from the Salt Rice Percubic Basin Review Board, held prior to the Allied Day.
A survey expert group consisting of six experts from the Hongyang School of Agricultural Sciences, the University of Yangzhou and the Agricultural Rural Office of Hunan Province carried out field sampling and harvesting of salt series rice.
According to expert assessments, salt-resistant rice yields an average of 508.8 kg of acres on pH 8.8 to 9.6, with salt content ranging from 5 to 6%.
The Speaker, Executive Station, Yuan Ling House, UNITA, has just said: "We intend to build on this year's experiment and to innovate and reform to recultivate and optimize saline rice varieties."
The Head of the team, Vice-President of the Institute of Agricultural Sciences of the Province of Hirongo, and the researcher, always said: "I believe that there will be continued scientific and technological advances to saline rice."
UNITA is part of a concentration of special hardship areas in the south-west of the Great Wall.
In October 2018, the Station of Yuan Loung Station was inaugurated by UNITA.
Yukon Ping team of experts accelerated the introduction of state-of-the-art "salt-resistant rice" varieties and advanced technologies to build 960 acres of soil-resistant rice parcels in
This field survey of salt-tolerant rice not only provides a scientific basis for the upgrading of UNITA lowlands to high-yielding areas, but also for the cultivation of salt rice under the same conditions in the country.
According to the Australian Network, following Marathon debates and several weeks of protest, the New State of Australia passed an abortion legalization bill on 26 September.
According to the information received, the bill has generated political debate over the past eight weeks and there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party since the announcement of the introduction of the bill by the Independent Member of Parliament, Greenwich.
It was reported that after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the New Zealand Senate passed the Abortion Act on the night of 25 days by 26 votes to 14, making it the third-longest bill to be considered by the New State Senate.
On 26 a.m., after a final vote by the New Länder House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the new Länder.
The Act allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at the twenty-second week of pregnancy and, if two doctors agree, to have an abortion later in the pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the night of 25 days whereby doctors can seek advice from a multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Board before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, amendments adopted by the Senate include the requirement for doctors to provide appropriate care for infants who are alive after termination of pregnancy.
This was preceded by public criticism of the bill from conservative sources before the New State Governor, Bailijekre, who repeatedly intervened to secure more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Ms. Bailejekt defended his absence: "I need time to manage the new state as a whole."
According to the information received, AFP member Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, threatening to withdraw from the new state government as a result of the bill and stating that it triggered a "government crisis."
Subsequently, however, Davis made concessions.
According to Davis: "The content of the amendments to the Act on legalization of abortion submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of 26 June effectively provides more safeguards for women and doctors."
At the same time, the leader of the New State National Party of Australia, Barillaro, said that he was proud to be a member of the Government that had legalized abortion.
"Our achievements yesterday have been historic for the new Länder, legitimizing abortion, decriminalizing abortion and treating women who undergo abortion as criminals."
The triple group of major projects is located on the continent.
Total investment of 15 billion yuan focused on the development of the petroleum smart, smart steel and steel industries.
Today, the People's Government of Coca City holds a project signing ceremony with the troika.
The triple group invested 15 billion yuan in the development of industries such as the smart steel industry, oil smart equipment and regional R & D centres (headquarters base) and the engineering machinery second-hand market in the continent.
A total investment of $10 billion in a three-generation steel industry project site, which will focus on the region's largest steel and product trading centre throughout the province and the central centre, along with a three-group smart manufacturing centre;
At the same time, the three groups will also build a second-hand market for engineering machinery at gasoline parks in high-tech areas, with practical cooperation in areas such as smart manufacturing.
The city of Taiwan attaches great importance to cooperation with the troika.
The city lists the cooperation project as a "one-stop shop" for all of the city this year, and its secretaries take off and mayors lead the formation of dedicated coordination groups to provide efficient, forward-looking and full-round.
Liu Cunn, Minister of Finance: 67 central banks and financial institutions have been transferred to the National Insurance Fund with a total of 860.1 billion yuan.
The Minister of Finance, Liu Quinn 27, stated that, to date, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions had completed the transfer of part of the State Capital Enrichment Insurance Fund, totalling approximately 860.1 billion yen.
Liu Qun made this statement on the same day at the deployment of the National Fund for the Transfer of Selected State Capital to Enhance Social Security, jointly organized by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security.
"The transfer of part of State capital to supplement the Social Security Fund is an important step towards reforming and improving the basic old-age insurance system. It is an immediate, long-term policy measure based on universal sharing and intergenerational equity."
In 2017, the State Department issued the Programme for the Transfer of Partial State Capital to Enhance the Implementation of the Social Security Fund, which requires the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces for piloting.
According to Liu Qun, the transition to the forward period has yielded positive results.
At the central level, three tranches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been completed, with a total transfer of State capital of approximately 860.1 billion yuan.
Of these, the transfer of central financial institutions from the Ministry of Finance to carry out the functions of funders has largely been completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, business transition is carried out in parallel.
At the end of 2018, the Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces pilots were largely completed, with State capital transferred to 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, preparations for the transition period were carried out in successive provinces, laying the foundation for the next step in the implementation of the transition.
According to a joint circular issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the National Board of Revenue, the Board of Directors, the central and local PRGF was fully rolled out in 2019
The meeting held that day provided for a specific deployment for the full roll-out of the transition.
It was emphasized that the transition should be carried out in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
According to the schedule, the transition is to be substantially completed by 2020.
Shift to tight working hours and heavy tasks. "
According to Liu Qun, the regions, departments and offices need to be well organized and well structured to ensure that the transition is completed as required; that the process is well advanced, that it is accurately understood, and that communication coordination is strengthened.
State funding is transferred to the Social Security Fund - starting from the starting point of the "Enrichment of the Fund's money bag," which is designed to provide a strong backbone for old-age security.
However, according to the authors, this was not a simple "physical shift" of equity, but rather a "mathematical gauge."
On 20 September, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Security, the National Board of Directors, the Revenue Directorate and the Board jointly published the Notice on the Full Transfer of Partial Capital to Enhance the Fund.
Following the publication of the document, other ministries, such as the Ministry of Finance, were able to implement it very quickly.
On 25 September, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10 per cent of the holdings of commercial banks and agricultural banks to the Social Security Fund, with two equity transfers totalling more than 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, subjects such as social security foundations, as financial investors, enjoy the rights of return, disposal and access to information in State-owned shares.
In its bulletin, the Chamber of Industry and Agriculture stated that the change in interest would not result in a change in the shareholder and the actual controlling person of the business.
In response, the authors were of the view that a similar State equity transfer was not a simple change in the attribution of equity but could trigger a series of "hedging" for a series of effects.
The first "weighted result" of the transfer of some State contributions to social security is naturally a reflection of universal ownership of State-owned enterprises and the sharing of development results.
After many years of reform and development, State enterprises, especially central firms, are mostly in important sectors and fields in our economy, with a stronger and more stable overall profitability.
Among them, lead firms have done much more to achieve continuous excellence.
On 10 July, the Standing Committee of the State Council decided that the conversion of part of the State capital would be fully rolled out this year to complement the work of the Social Security Fund.
The Ministry of Finance has subsequently indicated that it will work with the relevant departments to complete the transition of part of the State capital into social security funds, in line with the deployment of the Permanent Council of State, fully embodying intergenerational equity.
The second step of the shift, the "Plus result," is to enhance the sustainability of our social security funds and further strengthen the foundations of the old-age social security system.
With an ageing population, our social security funds are under pressure, and most of the current State funding, which is the subject of transfers, has sustained profitability and dividends to effectively replenish not only the Social Security Fund, but also.
Calculations show that the contribution rate of the basic old-age insurance of the enterprise can be reduced by one percentage point for every 3.8 percentage point of State capital transferred.
The third step of the shift, the "weighted result," was to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The transfer of proceeds to the subjects takes the form of "dividends, futures."
As a financial investor of State-owned capital, SWF does obtain equity dividends.
However, SWF, as a value investor in the capital market, has a strong capital operating capability.
In the case of listed assets in State capital, the Fund's participation in equity will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, contribute to a higher level of business performance and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the Fund's increased equity as an investment winner has helped to further enhance its influence in the market and to act as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it facilitates the full realization of the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and leads investors to make rational investments and value investments.
Carl Hartmann (Karl Hartmann) was enrolled in the Lébisis Music College at the age of 18, with the latter from Huberne.
After the Nazi came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of a non-publication of works in Germany and then even stopped its creation.
In 1933, he created a fraternal ordeal (Miserae) and donated the work to "my sleeping friends."
In 1935, this orchestra was inaugurated in Prague but harassed by Nazi bureaucracy.
Subsequently, Hartman was determined not to perform any of its works under Nazi rule.
The funeral palm of Hatman was a petty tig and orchestra when the manuscript was stolen from Germany and the first presentation took place in Switzerland.
The funeral concert performed by the Bern Inner Orchestra at the Bedovin Music Festival in 2018 is invited to be heard.
Approval by the United States Senate of the appointment of Skallya as Minister of Labour -- New Chinese Network
On 26 September, the Senate of the United States Congress voted for the nomination of the Minister of Labour by the President, Tranpe Yurkin Skallya, by a message from Nova's Washington, D.C. (journalist Sun Dendai).
The result of the vote was 53 votes in favour, 44 against, and none of the Democrats voted in favour of Skallya.
According to the Republican people, the curriculum vitae of Skallya made him well placed to serve as Minister of Labour.
However, according to the Democrats, Skallya has long been at the opposite side of workers' and trade unions during his career as a lawyer.
Skallya will replace Alexander Acosta.
In July this year, the then Minister of Labour, Akostar, announced his resignation under great pressure from public opinion, following the "leniency" of the billions of Americans who had been accused of sexual abuse and trafficking.
Skallya, aged 56, is a partner in a well-known American law firm whose father was the late Chief Justice of the United States Federal Supreme Court, Anthony Skaliya.
The Department of Labour is the cabinet-level department of the United States Federal Government and is responsible for labour-related matters, among others.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Tepland had nominated Peter Gena, Acting Director of the Federal Emergency Measures Agency, to formally head this body.
In accordance with the procedure, Qana's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
The Federal Emergency Measures Agency, under the United States Department of Homeland Security, is responsible for coordinating federal government resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks and follow-up in the United States.
From the dawn of the thirty-fifth anniversary of the national holiday, every time a large number of conscripts are organized, there will be a "big and hegemonic" line of strategic missile forces.
"This national celebration was followed by a" mutiny "of the army, which, for the first time, flared the street."
Wang Bo, Head of the RNA Command Group, said.
The vetted missile units have fully developed a particularly painful, combat, dedicated, carefully trained, scientifically trained and trained with three main features and a strong strategic military profile.
In this refresher training, both generals and soldiers were required to exercise rigid and forbidden manoeuvres in accordance with strict standards.
They also focused on promoting the trademark spirit, capturing each detailed technique, perseverance and style, creating a "military gesture, speed, answer tone," with a constant focus on science and technology.
As a high-tech strategic force, rocket-propelled missiles, science, technology and innovation are good traditions and advantages.
This refresher training, building on past experience, they break the mindset and break through traditional approaches, using advanced tools such as satellite positioning, laser spacing, high-speed imagery, real-time speed measurement, and quality.
They adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the firing field and launch site, keep at each point, follow each details, allow the vetted troops to withstand the shining shallow, and truly allow the National Day training.
Iran confirmed the development of advanced centrifuges Further suspension of compliance with the Iranian nuclear agreement
According to SCN on 27 September, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), on 26 September, stated that Iran's use of advanced centrifuge mechanisms to generate uranium enrichment had once again violated the Iranian nuclear agreement.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iranian nuclear agreement in response to the withdrawal of United States President Tranp from the Iranian nuclear agreement in May 2018, and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran has suspended two other commitments in July to maintain the stocks of enriched uranium below 300 kilograms and that the purity of enriched uranium does not exceed 3.67 per cent, and further moves are under way today.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran has only about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and only a small number of more advanced aircraft are allowed to be enriched but not studied.
If Iran is successful in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium at a rate of several times, possibly for the production of nuclear bombs.
According to the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency, "on 25 September, the Agency has confirmed that Iran's advanced centrifuges for the development of machines 2 and 3... are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented this report to Member States on 26 June, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at (Natanz enriched uranium) facilities." "
The Korean Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs was officially showcased.
Chen Hinling, President of the Korean Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs, said that VKBIA would work together to bridge relations between the two countries.
Both countries aim to increase their two-way trade to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Heinling believed that the birth of the association had been an important step towards that end.
He hoped that the Viet Nam Party, the Government and the relevant Korean institutions would assist the Association in its future operation.
The Deputy Ambassador of Viet Nam to the Republic of Korea, Chen Chen, said that VKBIA would create a good platform for exchange and sharing of experiences and ideas between Korean entrepreneurs aimed at expanding the investment space and mutual assistance.
At the farewell ceremony, a cooperation agreement was signed between the VKBIA representative and the representative of the Viet Nam Agricultural and Agribusiness Association.
VKBIA coincides with the tenth anniversary of the establishment of strategic partnerships between the two countries and is strengthening practical cooperation in the areas of diplomacy, defence and security to promote trade investment cooperation in the context of the 2020 two-way trade.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Before Lorenzo Fioramonti, a member of the new Italian Cabinet of Ministers of Education, Lorenzo Fioramonti, a motion was put before Parliament recommending that the Italian Government implement a new tax policy on sugar.
According to a motion by the Minister of Education, Fioramonti, the Italian Government reportedly levies zero taxes on food products that are harmful to health, such as sugar beverages and petty food, and Euro1.
Fioratonti indicated that through this seemingly small set of tax measures, it was expected that the Government would receive a tax of Euro3 billion.
The revenue from this tax will be used in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Prime Minister Conte of Italy stated that he saw this as a viable option; Italian parliamentarians, European parliamentarians and coalition leaders, Salwini, argued ironically that the new Government would start collecting cane, biscuits.
It was reported that the zero-food tax generally referred to a special tax on sugar-containing beverages and high-calorie foodstuffs.
The levy of this tax contributes to the benefit of public health.
On the evening of 25 September, the Chinese Embassy in Canada hosted a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
In Ottawa, on 26 September, the new Chinese Ambassador to Canada (journalist Fujian Winter) hosted a reception in Ottawa on the evening of 25 September to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
In his message, Jingbu stated that, over the 70 years since the establishment of the new China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China, China's unique socialist cause had made a profound difference to its people.
China, based on its own national circumstances, had developed a socialist path of Chinese identity, expanded the path of modernization in developing countries and contributed its wisdom and China's programme to the solution of human problems.
The figure provides a photo exhibition on the theme of the new seventieth anniversary of China, which was held simultaneously with the guests' presence at the conference venue.
It stated that China had created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and had made an important contribution to the peaceful development of the world.
China maintains an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations centred on the five principles of peaceful coexistence. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a guardian of the international order.
China's development offers new opportunities for development in all countries of the world, including Canada, for the benefit of all peoples.
It was emphasized that the evolution of relations between China and China over the past 50 years had shown that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect could relations between the two countries move forward on the right track.
Conversely, relations between the two countries would be frustrated and their interests undermined.
There are serious difficulties in the current chain of command, and responsibility is not with the Chinese side.
"Potatoes must also be potatoes."
It was to be hoped that the two parties would find an appropriate solution to the outstanding issues in their bilateral relations as soon as possible in order to create the conditions for the two countries to return to the right track.
The reception was attended by more than 700 representatives of Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly persons from all walks of life, embassies and non-Chinese, middle-school and student students.
The Chinese Embassy in Gao was attended by embassy diplomats, such as Chen Minhisa, Public AttorneyGeneral and Hiroshima.
The reception featured a photo exhibition on the theme of the seventieth anniversary of the inauguration of the new China and included promotional videos such as China 2019 and beauty China.
Chinese artists and embassy diplomats performed special literary programmes.
It was also the first time in a public event that the sixteenth Ambassador of China to Canada had performed his new duties as Ambassador to Canada.
They arrived on 22 September and, the following day, in Ottawa, transmitted a copy of the book to the Chief Protocol Officer of California and the Protocol Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Heller.
Bogotá, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was stationed at the Chinese Embassy in Gao at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this visit to Canada, he served as Director-General of the North American Oceania Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China and previously as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The city of Hanoi, Viet Nam, is working to expand cooperation with various parts of the Lao PDR
Mr. Nguyen De Chung recalled the exchange of visits between the two delegations and affirmed that they had helped to nurture the special and friendly relations between President Ho Chi Minh and President Kayan Fonwehan.
Mr. Nguyen De Chung hoped that Ambassador Tomshavan would continue to serve as a bridge and a link for friendly relations between Hanoi and the rest of the country, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tomashawan said that his country had learned from and learned from the many successful experiences of Viet Nam and was impressed by the breakthrough in the city of Hanoi and in Viet Nam in recent years.
Ambassador Tomashawan thanked the city of Hanoi for its continued strong support and assistance for the activities of the Lao Embassy in the Lao People's Democratic Republic and was confident that, despite the volatility of the global situation, relations would continue.
Mr. Nguyen De Chung is expected to lead a working visit to Vientiane, the Lao capital, in early 2020.
With effect from 2020, the city of Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying at various higher educational institutions in Hanoi.
The Chinese embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN hosted a reception on the occasion of the seventieth anniversary of the national holiday.
On the evening of 26 June, Chinese embassies in Indonesia and Chinese missions to ASEAN organized a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
Guests such as Lukita, Minister of Trade of Indonesia, Sofian, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning, Deputy Secretary-General of ASEAN, were present at the reception.
Indonesian friends, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, ASEAN missions and international organizations in Indonesia, Chinese nationals, secondary educational institutions and students abroad, and 1,000 prize-winning miners on the theme "I am with China."
Ambassador Shorburn of China to Indonesia and Ambassador Hoang Kay to ASEAN warmly welcomed guests.
Mr. Shaw, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Mission, said that the birth of a new China in 1949 had opened a new era in China's history.
China had moved from closure to openness, from lack of food to general well-being, from weakness to prosperity, and the Chinese nation had embraced a historic leap from standing up and being rich to strong.
He said that, in recent years, relations between China and Indonesia had progressed considerably, political confidence between the two countries had grown, practical cooperation had continued, exchanges had expanded in all areas, and a comprehensive strategic partnership for Indonesia was well advanced.
China-ASEAN relations are constantly escalating, always insisting on mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, making a strong contribution to the peaceful and prosperous development of the region.
According to Shorkin, the fundamental reason for the evolution of the new China over the past 70 years is that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have created and developed China's distinctive socialist path.
This path responds to the times, responds to China's national circumstances, profoundly alters the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and makes a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
The figure is "Thematic tour to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China" to attract guests to the field.
He said that China, along with Indonesia and ASEAN, would always work together to promote new forms of international relations, promote a community of human destiny and make new and greater contributions to the world bilaterally, regionally and regionally.
All the guests came together to look at the excellent video that reviewed the remarkable achievements of the new China over the past 70 years and reflected Chinese-Chinese-ASEAN relations.
The video blog, divided into "The glory of China's development achievements," "China-ASEAN relations are well established," and "China-ASEAN relations have been upgraded," was very lively.
The reception also featured a "Thematic tour to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China" to attract guests to the field.
Pilot operation of 100 first automatically piloted taxi convoys
Yesterday, at Yukon, the pilot operation of Robotaxi, an automatic taxi taxi convoy, was officially opened.
The first 45 Apollo convoy of "red flag EV" Robotaxi, which was developed jointly with a red flag, began operating on a trial basis in the long sand section of the test road.
From that day on, ordinary mayor Shah can apply to the Apollo official network to become a seed user and have the opportunity to experiment with the experiment.
One of the passengers interviewed indicated that he was sitting behind the vehicle and clicking on the front-side screen of the passengers' seat, which opened the automatic drive of the vehicle.
Within the vehicle, in order to ensure the safety of the passengers and the requirements of the current policy, the pilot operation vehicle will be staffed with a security officer at the driver's seat to maximize the safety of the passengers.
During the course of the journey, the vehicle can make intelligent alterations based on the condition of the road and can also judge the driving status of the surrounding vehicle and provide automatic havens for situations such as near-range.
Throughout the course of the experience, the passenger area screen showed in real time how pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas were on the road.
Even if the vehicle shrouds, information on changes in the forward red green lamps and waiting times can be seen in advance, all of which are visible.
Drones have heard previously on television to think that we are very far from us, but today we find it in our lives, and we feel curious.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apolo received 45 human-testing plates issued by the city of Nagasa.
Currently, the state-of-the-art automobile test open roads are the most sophisticated, with the most sophisticated paved roads with a total size of 135 km, with the longest terrain spanning the city.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi convoy will cover approximately 50 km of a piloted road in long sand and 135 km of road that is currently open in the first half of 2020.
There are still discontent with the winning winners: It would be difficult to do so if the forces lost so much.
In the afternoon of 27 October Beijing, Chinese women celebrated the ninth World Cup of 2019 with a strong Dutch Women Cup, culminating in 3: 1 Chinese woman victory over the Dutch woman.
However, Bishop Bishop Cooping expressed dissatisfaction with the performance of the third part of the balloon.
"The third side has increased the offensive nature of the slightest ball, and some of us (monolithic) are incapable of doing so, and we have missed ourselves disproportionately."
"It is difficult to beat the force so badly."
A presentation was made following an interview.
"We say to the team that we have not been hit in the first place, that we have to beat the adjustment, and that we have to guard with each other."
It also assessed Zhang Yongben's performance, saying that she had experienced some difficulties in the attack, was more urgent and too eager to kill the balloon to make a difference.
It is hoped that she will be patient, "We all protect her."
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat or a challenge, for the world.
White Paper (70 years new China): China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge, for the world.
The White Paper stated that China's development was an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge, for the world.
The White Paper states that, with the rapid rise in China's combined national power and international influence, there are international fears that China will walk the path of "dictatorship," and some raise the so-called "Chinese threat."
This is due to both cognitive misinterpretations, deep-rooted prejudices and psychological imbalances associated with the erosion of power, as well as deliberate distortions in defence of their vested interests.
Achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and the well-being of the people is both a dream of the Chinese people and a shared dream of all peoples.
"China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge, for the world."
The White Paper noted that China was the main stabilizer and driver of world economic growth, that China was the largest contributor to world economic growth, that China's science, technology and innovation injected new energy into world economic growth, and
The current dynamics of world economic growth were insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy was becoming increasingly important to the world.
China's economy was moving from high growth to high-quality development, new forms of industrialization, informalization, urbanization, modernization of agriculture had accelerated, economic restructuring had been deep, industrial optimization had continued to escalate and new economic growth had emerged.
According to a study by the McKinsey Global Research Institute, the integration of China and the rest of the world is expected to generate between $2.2 trillion and $3.7 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15-26 per cent of,
The White Paper emphasized that the Chinese economy had undergone structural changes and had been deeply integrated into the world economy.
China, which had a more stable economy, a better quality of growth and a promising growth outlook, had long-term benefits for the world's economic development.
Looking at China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge," an attempt was made to "delink" China from the world economy by crowding it out of global industrial chains, supply chains and value chains.
As stated in the White Paper, full public access creates more opportunities for countries to share the "Chinese dividend."
China was firmly committed to a mutually beneficial and win-win open strategy to achieve greater and higher levels of external openness, China had the world's most potential consumer market, and China was the most attractive destination for investment, with larger "outflows."
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way, one-sided.
Mutual benefit can last in the long term. "
The White Paper stated that China was committed to continuing to expand imports, liberalize market access, improve the business environment and enhance intellectual property protection, and that other countries should expand their openness and take initiatives to improve their own business environment.
Only by doing so can an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment be created, with the greater the "egg" of development together and a community of mutually beneficial and win-win interests.
The White Paper stated that China provided the international community with more public goods.
This includes the promotion of high-quality "one-size-fits-all" partnerships, a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, active participation in international and regional affairs and active external assistance.
"China's development benefits not only the international community, but also the family of nations, providing the international community with more and better public goods."
In his recent written visit to New Chinese journalist, André Sleepnikov, Director-General of the Russian Export Centre, expressed Russia's willingness to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields to further optimize export structures.
Sleepnikov noted that the forestry, mechanical manufacturing and chemical industries account for a significant proportion of Russian exports to China, while agricultural exports are important, including oil, meat and dairy products.
Russian exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown good stability in recent years.
Referring to Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Sleepnikov said that his country had established a mandate to expand exports of high-tech products to meet the import needs of countries and regions of the world, including.
The Russian side would then improve its financial and non-financial support measures and promote further growth in the number of high-tech enterprises.
Sleepnikov indicated that his country was willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China and to develop cooperation with China in the areas of medicine and aeronautical manufacturing.
The Russian and Chinese sides also have great potential for cooperation in urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many areas had "a qualitative advantage and a competitive price" compared to those in the West.
Referring to the two countries' goal of reaching $200 billion in bilateral trade by 2024, Sleepnikov said that the areas of agriculture, mechanical manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry would play an important role in achieving that goal.
The Russian side intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and the export of highly processed products.
He stressed that the Russian side intended to facilitate the entry of its exporters into global value-added chains, of which China was one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemical industry are well placed to participate in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises by "establishing more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to develop exports to third countries."
Sleepnikov indicated that the Russian Export Centre was implementing various measures and services to support Russian exports to China through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank.
At the same time, the Russian Export Centre will continue to deepen its cooperation with China's relevant sectors in order to facilitate easier access of Russian commodities to the Chinese market and to develop new categories of exports to China.
Globally, there has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions paying in the national currency.
The latest edition of the "People's Currency Tracking Special," published by SWIFT in London on 26 June, shows that there is a clear trend from July 2017 to July 2019 towards an increase in financial institutions worldwide.
At the World Bank Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) annual conference in London in 2019, it published the People's Currency Tracking special issue, London, which showed an increase in the number of financial institutions globally from July 2017
Of these, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions paid in the national currency, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98 per cent.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the share of the People's Currency in the global currency of payments was 2.22 per cent.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in offshore foreign exchange transactions in the People's Currency.
According to the report, in July 2019, London's share of offshore foreign exchange transactions in the global People's Currency stood at 33.79 per cent, which was the world leader's chair.
According to the report, London is the first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14 per cent, the United States 12.93 per cent and France 7.67 per cent.
Response of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to the counterparty's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": Theft of human dignity
The spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded at the regular press conference on 27 July in response to the podium's recent presence at United Nations Headquarters on religious issues, saying that such minds were disgraceful and.
A question was raised by journalists who, according to the Taiwan media, had recently entered United Nations Headquarters in New York to attend a conference on religious issues in the United States, known as the "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting to which you have referred is a side event organized by the United States on the premises of the United Nations and is not a United Nations conference at all.
Honestly, the temptation to confuse the United Nations in a vandalistic manner, to undermine human dignity and to exaggerate what is called a "diplomatic breakthrough," a small exercise that is disgracing.
He noted that the United Nations had repeatedly reiterated its adherence to the issue of Taiwan in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758 and to the one-China principle by the wider United Nations membership.
Sun and Hunt Accelerate the structural upgrading of the dairy industry - New Wall Network
Hindu Sun and Hon 27 September Chinese Radio (journalist Ausmon) journalists learned from the Autonomous Region of Mongolia and the City of Haute to speed up the dairy industry structure, Inc.
The dairy industry is the traditional niche industry in the city of Haute, with a unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, a rapidly expanding dairy industry in the city of Haute and.
In 2018, cattle scale farming rates reached more than 98 per cent across the city, with nearly 85 per cent of households entering the industrial chain, and the total sales revenue of the Irie and Moncattle businesses was close to.
In order to further scale up the dairy industry, Sun and Haute City launched the "Making China Breast Upgrading," three-year plan of action to upgrade the dairy industry (2018 - 2020).
The Mayor of Haute Haute City, von Tama, said that the local level would accelerate the completion of projects to invest billions of dollars in healthy foodstuffs and dairy parks, among others.
27 September ULG 5 increase in the midpoint of the exchange rate against the United States dollar
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of + / - 3 per cent, the ceiling of the United States dollar to the United States dollar today is LG 23854 and the floor is LG 22465.
The bank purchased and sold RMG 3211 and LG 3295, respectively, a decrease of 1 shield from the previous transaction log.
The TechCombank Commercial Bank of Viet Nam set the purchase and sale prices of the United States dollar as 23131 ULG and 23271 ULG, respectively, a decrease of 2 guilders from the previous transaction log.
The Bank's purchase and sale of RMG 3193 and LG 3326, respectively, a decrease of 1 and 2, respectively, from the previous transaction log.
"Good Chinese stories" database on-line China showing the world a true and comprehensive picture of China
An innovative and basic platform for outreach with the aim of "talking about the story of China, spreading the Chinese voice," the "China good story" database, which is officially available today, offers real and comprehensive China to the world.
The database "Good story of China" (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by New China News Agency, which is hosted by China.
This was the site of the "USAP-China Good Story" database, which was photographed on 27 September.
On that day, an innovative and basic platform for outreach with the aim of "talking about the story of China, spreading the Chinese voice" -- the "China good story" database -- was officially uploaded to give China a true face.
The launch of the "Chronical story of China" database, launched by Su Xu, a far-sighted watershed fish, opened up to readers an anachronistic, old and new repository of Chinese stories.
The database captures more than 60,000 talking stories from China, from the traditional story of "fidelity to the country," to "I will not" be a brave story of the new era, "thousands of people.
The story base brings together the five main thematic stories of "1 + 4."
Classic Secretary-General of China: "Chinese Messengers of God," "Lessons of God of God," Lessons of God's experience, close experience
Journalists learned from the "USAP-China Good Story" online release of the database, "held today in Kyoto, that Chinese and English websites and mobile subscribers have been created in the" Chronicle of China "database.
The website is comprehensive, highly functional, well designed and has excellent stories throughout the media.
Mobile phone clients highlight artificial intelligent voice functions, adapt to mobile communication trends and provide users with accompanying "good stories of China" transmitters.
To facilitate access, the database takes full advantage of the smart search technology of China's search, providing structured search functions such as time searches, cartography, searching of persons, labelling searches, and easy and easy access.
The good story of China database has also created a dedicated open platform for content and has opened "stories" for more than 10 first entrants, such as the Commission.
Demonstrations against the President's desertion from Mount Egypt showed strong repression by the authorities
The Twitter subject label and the community media are strongly advocating that Egyptian people take to the streets today and turn to President Sessi in a peaceful manner.
However, the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress it.
Since the military coup d'état launched by the then military head in 2013, dissent has become almost invisible in Egypt, making any form of protest even more dangerous.
According to the British "Guardian," the Egyptian Centre for Economic and Social Rights, a Cairo non-governmental organization, has reported that more than 19,000 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests calling for their fall last week.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Sessi and his family's vandalism and shameful pursuit of public funds led to thousands of people marching to the streets on 20 June.
Yesterday, the Egyptian Ministry of the Interior firmly stated that any attempt to destabilize the country would be resolute and untenable.
The city centre in Cairo has long been overstretched, and riot police, security agency vehicles and plain clothes police were visible on the streets around Tahrir Square, the Egyptian Revolutionary Station in 2011.
Al Jazeera reported that, on 25 days, the security forces detained a number of leading scholars and social workers, including professors of political science at Cairo University, prominent columns and notaries.
He wrote on 24 days: "I have no doubt that the continuation of the absolute rule of Sessi will cause disaster." "
"It is in the interest of Egypt that he immediately step down."
Prior to his arrest in Burkina Faso, Hosni, who had served as the former Chief of Military Staff of Egypt, had been detained as a spokesperson for the Egyptian military in Annan.
Annan was arrested last year after trying to contest President Sessi.
Mr. Davoud, President of the Constitutional Party, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that, at a time when the economic plight of the poor and the middle class is exacerbated, dissenting practices reflect the fragility and fragility of government.
The leader of the opposition, Ayman Nour, who was a leader of the President, said: "The auxiliary actions highlight the regime's indifference to the Egyptian people and how fearful it is."
"Because the economy has been confused by him, coupled with widespread political oppression, Sessi has tried to send a clear message to the important leaders and political figures that could be replaced."
Nor stated that, in the context of the continuing deterioration of the socio-economic situation, high-handedness on the part of the Government would only increase the anger of the population.
Since the barrier of fear had been broken, he expected more people to take to the streets.
Currently a businessman and activist in Spain, Ali, who had been a construction contractor for the Egyptian military, began to upload a series of films early in the month, benefiting from government corruption and detonating small-scale demonstrations.
According to Ali, his company, Amrac General Contractors, without having to go through a legal bidding process, was able to obtain a profitable contract, emphasizing the military and the Itissa (Intissar Amer al Sisi).
He was deeply aware that he had been involved.
Ali claims to be a victim of a sharp contrast between the current destitution of the Egyptian people and the fact that he has not paid for it.
In Twitter, themes such as "stand-by for peace," "Sessi's perfect eggs," "Sseedra" and "next Friday" call down to the street and attract tens of thousands.
There are nearly 7 million followers of the extrapolation of the Egyptian masculine Amarwek in Orleyzy.
He wrote yesterday in Arabic: "Sessi is doomed to his eggs... and those who support him now have to commit a big mistake."
Introduction of free special training programmes in Hong Kong to assist recently economically affected employees
The Government of the HKSAR announced 27 days on the introduction of a free special training programme for employees recently affected by the economic situation, and eligible trainees are entitled to a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month upon completion.
There are few customers of many niche shopping shops in Hong Kong's seaport.
As a result of recent social strife in Hong Kong, visitor arrivals have declined significantly in the recent past, affecting the hotel, diet, retail and so on, with the exception of the tourism sector.
The Director-General of the Labour and Welfare Department of the HKSAR Government, Chu Tu Chuhua, commissioned the Employee Retraining Authority to introduce special training programmes and measures in support of the tourism industry.
It was clear that the challenges facing the Hong Kong economy were urgent and should not wait until the situation was calm.
As a result, the HKSAR Government has introduced a free training programme entitled "Special? Value added."
As of 1 June, it was reported that persons who were unemployed or were employed for unpaid leave, etc., were given the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as the relevant requirements were met.
There is a wide range of courses, the most important of which are "vocational skills," covering 19 sectors, including tourism, retail and catering, as well as new "innovation technology" courses.
The Chairman of the Employee Retraining Bureau indicated in the spring that all courses were free of charge and that the plan was expected to support approximately 10,000 persons in need.
Participants in the scheme receive a special allowance for each full-time or part-time course, with a attendance rate of eight, up to a maximum of HK $4,000 per participant per month.
It was reported that the training course, which lasted two to three months, was offered by approximately 50 training institutions and could be delivered by citizens from 3 October to 31 March next year for up to four courses per person.
In addition, the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region has published a series of measures in support of tourism to help industry overcome difficulties.
These measures include the easing of allocations to the Tourism Parliament, the funding of 6,000 guided tour tours and the exemption of travel agents from annual fees.
Is there a regression of athletes?
According to the Russian Satellite Network, a study of athletes showed that the brain also showed signs of fatigue after a high-intensity campaign.
This study, led by Mathius Percagrion, an expert at the Pitey-Salpelle hospital in France, shows that there is an obvious link between intellectual and physical work: Both require cognitive control.
Pehignon explains: "You need to control the autonomous process that you can force you to stop when there is muscle and worn pain."
The study was launched by the National Institute of Sport and Physical Education of France (INSEP).
The School Specialist is responsible for directing athletes for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from over-training syndrome, namely unrestrained fatigue following high-load campaigns, unrecoverable bodies and declining performance.
INSEP raised the question of whether some of the causes of the disease would not be neurofatigue, that is, neurofatigue caused by excessive brain labour.
The study was published in the magazine Contemporary Biology.
Today, the gallery specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Arts Library to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China finally unveiled the veil.
Xu Sun Ponma, Qui Pontifical Year of Peace, Lee's Everything Everything of the Wide Mount, Zhou Chongsheng, Neutral
The richness of the great history of China -- celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China -- is a rich and eloquent demonstration of the great journey and great achievements of the great Chinese people.
The exhibit was divided into one chapter and four chapters.
The exhibition, with a great deal of outstanding works, exhibits more than 480 works covering Chinese paintings, paintings, paintings, sculptures, paintings, art collections, etc.
In addition, for the first time, new works on more than 130 practical topics that have just been completed, the "National Thematic Artistic Creation," organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, were launched.
In order to present the exhibit, for the first time, the Chinese Arts Library used all exhibition spaces throughout the premises, with the exception of the three layers of exhibition halls in the premises, which were created as outdoor and exhibits
According to the information received, the exhibition will be displayed until 2 November.
In accordance with the unified arrangements for Beijing City celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the new China, the Chinese Arts Library suspended its openness to society from 28 September to 1 October.
On 27 September, World Tourism Day, the theme of this year was "Tourism and work: Building a better future for all," and the Department organized a series of events, including the reception of fortunate passengers and traditional poster competitions.
On the same day, a World Tourism Day dinner was held to promote communication with the tourism industry, with the participation of the Director of the Division of Social Culture, Tsien Joon, who contributed to the global tourism event.
The Director-General of the Department of Tourism and the Deputy Director-General promised to show his leadership and supervisors to visit Macao International Airport on the same day to send souvenirs to the lucky visitors of World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wipoosiri's family of tourists from Thailand, who became a lucky passenger this year, stated that he visited Macao about four to five times a year and that Macao was a suitable tourist destination for weekends.
Beautiful wheat mechanics in Macao are also present to welcome tourists, and the Visitors' Check Office of the Department of Tourism arranges for a round-the-clock donation of souvenirs.
In the afternoon of the same day, the traditional brick competition brought close to 180 participants representing more than 29 Macao hotels and restaurants, among others, coinciding with the twentieth anniversary of Macao Special Administrative Region.
There are also contestants wearing special clothes that cater to the subject of return.
Athletes carry a bottle of Macao beer across the "Macao Historical City" street, offering beer security as quickly as possible to the front of the terminal and attracting a tight process.
The men's champions were captured by Warren Obejas Cabada from the centre of Kinshasa, Macao; the women's champions were leaf from the greeting group; and the most special garment winners.
On the evening of the same day, the Department invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant sectors, industry and the media, to the World Tourism Day dinner.
On his dinner, Macao Tsien expressed his return to the 20 years of growth of Macao's tourism industry, but the ongoing changes in peripheral environmental factors encouraged industry to think creatively, build on the success achieved. Rethinking
The dinner, on the theme "Celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region," also arranged for Macao singers to showcase the native original, "one-size-fits-all," and
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September each year as World Tourism Day to promote international awareness of the importance of tourism, in particular its social, cultural, political and economic values.
3 billion yuan reverse shopping operations conducted by the Central Bank
On 27 September, the Chinese People's Bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse buy-back operation in a bid for interest rate on 27 September by a news agency in Beijing (journalist Zhang thousands, Wu Ron).
With a reversal of $40 billion at the end of the day, the People's Bank's reversal operation achieved a net return of $10 billion.
According to a communiqué issued by the Central Bank, a $30 billion reversal repurchase operation was conducted on that day for a period of 14 days, with a median interest rate of 2.7 per cent.
This is a 14-day reverse buy-back operation carried out by the Central Bank for the seventh consecutive working day.
The Shanghai Inter-Bank Breakdown Rate (Shibor), issued on 27 November, showed an overnight rate of 1.313 per cent compared to 32.4 basis points in the previous transaction period and 2.59 per cent in the
"Walking out" of Chinese citizens - Visit to Choi, Director-General of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you come, your country is behind you.
On 25 May, consular protection in the first Ministry of Foreign Affairs appeared on the front line, and the phrase at the end of the short period resonated with a wide network of friends.
The Director-General of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in an interview with New Wa journalists, stated that the short film was intended to raise public feelings of "diplomatic moderation" and give Chinese citizens hope,
There is nothing to do with peace abroad, and there is a grand game.
Mr. Choi indicated that the number of Chinese citizens "going out" had increased dramatically over the past 70 years, from "less than 1 million per year" before the opening of the reform to more than 100 million people per year working abroad.
Statistics show that, since its eighteenth anniversary, we have organized more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer Chinese citizens abroad, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Approximately 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens have been received and coordinated for various types of assistance.
At a dangerous moment, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to come to a "walk-by-go journey."
According to Mr. Choi, by the end of August, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders.
In addition, an increasing number of States have unilaterally granted entry facilities such as visa exemptions or landing visas to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and territories, such as Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted local visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 other countries and territories, such as Indonesia, have unilaterally granted exemptions to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports.
In addition to arrangements such as layoffs and layoffs, Chinese citizens are becoming easier and simpler to apply for visas.
By the end of August, China had concluded visa facilitation agreements or arrangements with 41 countries.
These include the conclusion with the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina of 10-year valid multiple visas for travel, business, and with the United Kingdom for tourism, commerce, family visits and two-year multiple visa arrangements.
A "visa one-stop shop" service was launched jointly by the United Kingdom, Belgium and France, Italy and Singapore reduced the processing time for visas to 48, 36 and 24 hours, respectively.
For businessmen who regularly leave the country, an APEC business travel card with multiple entry and easy access is a good option.
According to Mr. Choi, holding the travel card would amount to a five-year multiple visa for 16 economies around Asia and the Pacific and would be significant for business workers, especially private entrepreneurs, to "walk out."
Currently, China has the highest effective stock holdings in APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens in more countries, translate the results of diplomatic work more into pro-Chinese initiatives and continuously increase the "gold content" of Chinese passports.
National elections are approaching.
Yesterday morning, the Governor of the City Council, Zčić, examined the availability of safe production and festival markets during the National Day.
He stressed the need to increase political standing, strengthen bottom-line thinking and work tirelessly to ensure the safe functioning of cities and the availability of markets, celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the new China and giving citizens a chance.
The mayor, Chen Jinin, was examined together with the Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Council.
With an electricity supply area of nearly 7 square kilometres in the Tiandoon district power service centre, a smart circuit system was built, data was monitored and analysed in real time and equipment was intelligent, assessed and secured.
Chechi, Chen Ginin scrutinized the operation and safe production of power supply equipment, asked for key details of the supply security and went to the Movement Control Command Hall to hear the safe supply of electricity, gas and gas during.
He expressed his condolences to front-line staff and stressed the need for bottom-line thinking, fire-fighting, more site-based, end-to-end-to-end monitoring of all points to ensure safe havens and equipment.
In the Wang Square building, the full range of commodities is marked by a festival of festivals.
Peace stations on the second floor of the basement, walls erected by brick bricks and old-generation cameras, theatres, food stores, old book offices, etc. Intensive shops in Beijing
Chechi, Chen Ginin side by side, listening to commercial operations, market supply reports and festival security in conjunction with street upgrading and upgrading of the Queen's boreholes.
Study the sale of Beijing-specific commodities and ask visitors about the cruise experience along the way, among other things, through the Red Planet Food Hotel, "Great North Plaza."
In Zhang Khoku, Beijing City's labour model, beautiful beauty and the desperation of a "one-size-fits-all" call, and Chutsi tried to promote his spirit.
The Zeitch will strengthen market monitoring, ensure adequate stability of the festival supply and tighten food safety controls; and take fire safety work in personnel-intensive places such as shops.
The mayor of the city, Choi Guangzhou, Wang and Zhang, took part in the inspection.
Jiang Si: "Long-line" guarding passenger lines operate safely.
Journalists have been informed by the Department of Road Transport of Jiang Si that, to date, there are "circuits" on 1334 passenger lines in 11 municipalities in Jiang Si and in six provincial direct districts.
According to the head of the Road Transport Authority of Jiang Si Province, due to the formidable security management of some passenger transport enterprises, the responsibility of business security agents has fallen short of what has happened, such as overmanoeuvres and poor traffic.
To further curb the main responsibility for the safe production of road passenger transport enterprises and to ensure the safety of passengers travelling by road, Jiang Chi began a pilot "linear system" in 2017 and gradually rolled out throughout the province.
Currently, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangsi have implemented a "long-distance" system, with 1334 "long-line" management lines, covering 484 operating buses.
It was stated that "long lines" were generally designated by road transport passenger operators, specifically to manage the people, vehicles, routes, etc., to ensure full security of lines, vehicles, drivers, operating environments, etc.
To mark the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Department of Municipalities will hold a special food gallery from October to December, led by food educators.
Co-sponsored by the National Customs Administration and the Macao Special Administrative Region Municipality Administration, "Cooperating together to secure home-grown food and agricultural products for the Australian 20-year workbook exhibition," is now looking to the building.
With a view to celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Department will spend 30 hours from October to December (except public holidays) on food foodstuets.
Each prize will take approximately 30 minutes, and interested citizens will be able to register with the WFP Food Information Station on the first floor of the Boan House 15 minutes before the start of the day. The costs are limited.
In case of doubt, the electrification line 2833,8181 can be consulted at the time of the office hours.
Development of a tax bank in Fukushima for the official uploading of the UNIOSIL tax contribution platform -- the new Central Network
The Fukushima Taxation Bank officially uploaded the CDB tax contribution platform.
On 27 September, the Fukushima tax bank in Fukushima (Yeyuan cloud) officially opened on 27 September the CDB tax contribution platform in Fukushima County.
Journalists were informed that on 26 October 2018, a tripartite cooperation memorandum was signed between the Fukushima State Revenue Administration of the Central Bank of China and the China Bank Consortium Limited, which created a revenue bank for the country.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform is now on track.
:: Windward presentation by the Director of Revenue Services of the Bank of the People's Republic of China. The platform is secure, universal, accessible, compliant and leading construction, the front end connects tax, banking, financial services
According to the information received, the platform brings together a number of pro-poor projects, of which the health insurance contribution scheme for urban and rural residents is formally on line.
The project opened 14 lines of access to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fukushima province, covering 76 per cent of the resident population of Fukushima Province.
Health premiums can be paid online through "shuttle" cloud flash payments "and banks' APP, microsignal public signals, and online through various tax havens, tax havens and rural financial service points.
The Vice-President of the Central Bank of the People's Bank of China said that the platform's success was based on the provision of safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-modal affordable services to the public while guaranteeing direct government revenue.
At present, more than 16,000 GFIs across the province, and more than 9,000 health insurance subscriptions have been introduced, providing rural residents with "adequate access" to "health insurance" and increasing social welfare. "
Statistics show that since the first 20 days of the Platform's health insurance scheme for urban and rural residents, 840,000 service users have been served, of which 750,000 are on line and 20,000 are paid at the point of financial inclusion.
In addition, the National Revenue Directorate's Deputy Director of Taxation, Fukushima, revealed in its activities that the platform had created a nationwide application of electronic contribution voucher technology in the chain of blocks.
From the next month, after the completion of the contribution, the contributor may also download directly the stamped electronic contribution vouchers on a mobile phone.
A promising tax information network based on chain-based technologies is being built, and the "high-speed route" for the payment of private taxes will be further expanded.
The United States will increase the deployment of air defence systems and manpower in Saudi Arabia
On 26 June, the United States Department of Defense announced that, as a result of previous attacks on Saudi oil installations, the United States would deploy an additional "patriotic" air defence system, four groups of "Sentinel" radar.
In a statement on the same day, the Pentagon stated that the deployment would enhance the air defence, anti-missile capability of important military objectives and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and enhance the United States military presence in the area.
The statement also stated that United States Defence Minister Esper had simultaneously approved the inclusion of two "patriotic" air defence systems and one "Saad" anti-missile system in the readiness series.
Some United States defence media have questioned the validity of this deployment, stating that the main interception targets of the "Patriots" and "Sad" systems were not low-altitude targets, such as drone and cruise missiles.
In his statement to the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on 25 September, Iranian President Ruhani said that, in a situation where all countries enjoyed their rights equitably, Iran could help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure.
At the same time, he stressed that regional security could only be achieved through the withdrawal of United States forces from the region.
On 14 July, a number of drones attacked two Saudi National Oil Company oil installations and ignited fire.
The United States accused Iran of the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
The seniority scheme for the President of the Board of Directors was completed The call for staff to increase by a maximum of 43 per cent last year.
In the evening of 25 September, the Empretec (603716.SH) announcement indicated that the real control of the company, the president of the company, had completed a combined turnover of 1.95.42 million equity,
According to the information received, prior to the implementation of the increased scheme, Windjin had a direct holding of 8.58 million shares, or 4.18 per cent of the company's total holdings, and Shin Science Instruments Ltd.
It is a matter of concern that this is no longer the first time that Sailius has made a good sacrifice.
In a short period of one year since September last year, Segis has continued to introduce measures such as high-bargains, bottom-up initiatives by directors, repurchase shares, equity incentives, etc.
On 18 September last year, the Segis Bulletin stated that seven additional senior managers, such as Liu Winghe, had accumulated 39.43 million additional corporate holdings (0.1922 per cent of total corporate equity),
Shortly thereafter, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Segis and the owner proposed an initiative to increase the company's stock plan and undertook to compensate it for any loss.
The carry-over period is from 19 October to 31 October 2018, with an increase of up to 150 million yuan in total, subject to continuous holding of company equities for more than 12 months, without subtraction and compensation.
The correspondents' plan found a minimum equity value of $14.02, up to $16.44, and a ceiling of $20.02 per cent at 25 September, at a ceiling of $20.02 per cent, for the additional staff.
On 21 January this year, Serges again adopted a repurchase company equity programme, announcing that the total amount to be spent on repurchase shares is not less than HK $160 million and does not exceed HK $280 million.
On 8 August this year, the company published a Proclamation on the Segis 2019 Restrictive Stock Incentives (Draft) and introduced high performance locking conditions.
The bulletin shows that equity incentives are based on operating income in 2018, with growth rates of no less than 30 per cent, 70 per cent, 120 per cent and 185 per cent for the four fiscal years 2019-2022, respectively.
The performance of the company in the first half of the year showed that it maintained a high growth rate and exceeded the 30 per cent growth mark of the current year.
In the first half of the year, business income was realized at 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50 per cent over the same period; the net profit for shareholders belonging to listed companies was $6,232.4 million, or 16.46 per cent.
From mid-2018, it was reported that during the five consecutive reporting periods, the same rate of growth was more than 38 per cent, with a maximum rate of 59 per cent.
In 2018, the company established a two-pronged development strategy based on a medical test centralization operation (IVD), which was built on a breakthrough DDP business with the SPD Operations and the Regional Inspection Centre.
According to Segis, the three main operations are now progressing steadily in order to respond to the trend towards a rapid expansion of medicine.
In the SPD area of operations, in January this year, the Sevis Proclamation signed a cooperation agreement with the people's hospital in Turwu and the central hospital in Turwu on the construction and day-to-day operation.
In fact, Segis is significantly expanding SPD operations to provide medical institutions with sophisticated operating services such as centralized procurement of medical consumables, warehousing management, distribution and settlement to generate long-term income. "
The above-mentioned persons indicated that.
On 17 September, according to the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform bulletin of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Lieutenant General marked Zhejiang University Medical College with an "extension of medical consumables."
Pharmaceutical industry analysts have pointed out that this mid-point is very gold-intensive and that the Ogiff Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to be reviewed through the International Hospital Review (JCI) and is an important development.
According to its analysis, previously, the business map had largely completed the regional coverage of the country's provincial areas through regional outreach, national strategic cooperation and mergers and acquisitions.
Now in Zhejiang and in the next city of Zhejiff Hospital, the model should continue to be replicated in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the Chinese-East market.
In addition, this year, Segis has been plotting in emerging areas such as industrial marijuana, zoning chain science and technology.
The 780,000 volunteers in Beijing served the national convoy.
In order to ensure the successful celebration of the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will be officially placed from 28 to offer volunteer service at Beijing City locations until 8 October.
Previously, the Beijing City Leadership Group celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic of China had set up a volunteer command that had previously targeted high schools, communities, businesses, all sectors of society, recruited and trained more than 160,000 volunteers.
Among them, there are more than 70,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Head of the Office of the Transport Volunteer Command of the capital city High-level Guest: From 28 September to 8 October, 78,266 capital civilian volunteers reached 1700 traffic points in Beijing, 308 railway stations, including more than 300
After two months in detention in Iran, the British tanker Stanna Empire was finally released and departed from the Iranian port of Abbas on 27 a.m. for international waters.
Only in mid-last month, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory, released an Iranian tanker detained for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency, the British tanker Stanna Empire left the port of Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf at 9 a.m. on 27 July.
The port and shipping organization in Khormanzgan Province of Iran confirmed that the commander and crew of the vessel had made formal and written commitments and that, despite the arrest of the vessel, they had no claim.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker Stanna Empire, also indicated that the vessel was on board from the port of Abbas.
In addition, ship tracking data from Refinitiv found that the tanker had begun to move on 27 July and had left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran last July.
The company's spokesperson stated that the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
Two weeks after the British seizure of an Iranian tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps detained the tanker, Stena Impero, on the Strait of Holmouz.
The vessel was released in August.
Earlier this week, the spokesman for the Iranian Government stated that all the legal proceedings required for the release of the Stanna Empire had been completed.
However, the Iranian side indicated that the investigation was still ongoing.
A number of Iranian media outlets have also published videos of oil tanker shuttle.
On 19 July, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British tanker, the "Stanna Empire," in the Iranian waters of the Khoms Strait, before taking him to the port of Abbas.
The Iranian tanker Grace I was taken from the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on 4 July, the British Overseas Territory Gibraltar authorities seized a "Grace 1" tanker carrying Iranian crude oil on the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of shipping oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace I.
This afternoon, the Thematic Conference on Thematic Educational Review and Corrections at Bentiu Colleges, province-wide, was held in Nagasa.
The Deputy Secretary-General of the Provincial Council, Ulan, stressed the need to increase political standing, strengthen political accountability and overhaul issues in order to enhance the effectiveness of thematic education for high-quality development, thinking and reform.
Ulan fully acknowledges the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges in the second cycle of thematic education.
She pointed out that the theme "Not to forget, remember the mission" was a major deployment at the party's centre, and that the undergraduate college was to learn in depth about the importance of the Secretary-General's message.
From raising "four consciousness," "two champions," the political height of the original mission, "earnestly addressing the prescriptions of thematic education, in particular the" two-pronged "approach to school reform
Ulan stressed the need to maintain a blindness, look for problems, make "four-sighted" calls for hard-sighted ideas, look at symptoms and ask teachers and students for insights and ideas.
The word "change" should be put into practice in order to maintain precision and strengthen real change.
Thematic education needs to be combined with such work as the "Ledree," with a view to transforming responsibilities, ensuring that the problem is one of failure and nil, and ensuring that it is effective.
It is important to adhere to the principle of proportionality, to improve long-term mechanisms, to strengthen the institutional rigid system and to ensure that efforts are rule-based, rule-based and truly regulated by the system.
At this rate, the leadership takes the lead in strengthening theoretical disarmament, leading a serious look at the changes, taking the lead from time to time, playing an exemplary role as "key minorities," and working towards the implementation of thematic education.
Five high school committees, such as the University of Hunan, made statements on behalf of their magazines and their immediate counterparts.
"One-size-fits-all" major high-pressure engineering deliveries
26. Forward-to-south, 1100 kVA direct-flow transmission and 1,000-KVA high-voltage GIL gallery works were carried out.
Both of these projects are at the heights of the current world's transmission technologies, which, when delivered, will lead to a significant increase in the optimal distribution of our energy.
Guo Guo Guan, General Economist of the National Energy Agency, said that quasi-east to south-east works were the world's largest transmission capacity and the longest transmission distance.
Its delivery is important for promoting the development of new frontier energy bases and securing electricity supplies in the Warsaw region.
Gil, a gaseous insulation metal, closes the transmission line.
The Sutton gallery project created the record of the highest global voltage and transmission capacity for the GIL project and enabled the operation of a "communications binatus" loop at the top voltage of the grid.
According to the National Electricity Grid Company, the distance between east and south-east of the project is 3324 km.
Using conventional technology, more than 15 per cent of the electrical energy is being consumed in transit, and the project has undergone intensive research and development, which has significantly increased the economic transport distance to more than 3,000 kilometres.
After delivery in the east to south-east, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every eight hours and 20 minutes to help break down the depletion of existing new energy sources in the new frontier.
On full-load estimates, this line will reach between 600 and 85 billion kilowatt hours per year, meeting more than half of Shanghai's electricity supply throughout the year.
The Sutton GIL integrated gallery project is a control project for the ultra-pressure communication ring network across the long river.
The use of conventional airborne lines across Chang requires the installation of two large iron towers exceeding 450 metres on the Jiang Jiang side, as well as a man-made island of over four football fields per iron tower.
In response, the National Electricity Network has pioneered the development of compact, high-pressure GIL transmission technology, draining water from water through tunnels and avoiding the impact on gold routes.
Two projects contributed to a new leap in our electrical equipment manufacturing capacity.
Currently, the National Electricity Network has accumulated "10 to 11" special hydraulic works, and "4 to 3" are under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: Continued optimization of our external debt structure and increased stability of our external debt
"Overall, the external debt structure of the country has continued to improve and the stability of the external debt has increased."
The press spokesman of the National Foreign Exchange Authority, Queen Spring 27, stated that the main indicators of our external debt are within internationally recognized security lines and that external debt risks are generally manageable.
Wang Spring made this statement in response to questions from journalists by publishing data on external debt at the end of June 2019 on the same day at the Foreign Exchange Office.
The data show that as at the end of June 2019, our total external debt balance (including local currency) was $9.8 billion, an increase of $26.3 billion from the end of March 2019, or 1.3 per cent.
In the second quarter of 2019, our full-calibre external debt grew by more than 70 per cent, driven by non-resident purchases of local currency bonds, with non-residents dominated by medium- and long-term investors such as central.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term external debt increased by 3 percentage points in comparison with the end of March 2019, and that of local currency by 1 percentage point at the end of March 2019.
Wang Spring indicated that international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market had increased further with the incorporation of the Chinese currency bond in our country in April 2019 into the Bloomballet Global Consolidated Index, and continued to.
"Our balance of payments is generally balanced and external debt risks are manageable."
On 27 days, the journalist learned from the Yunnan Institute of Agricultural Sciences that the anchorage in Yunnan grassland was currently under effective control and did not result in large-scale outbreaks and milestones.
In January of this year, for the first time, Jiangju District, Yunnam City, discovered grassland greed from abroad, which was subsequently confirmed in 129 districts in Yunnan, posed a direct threat.
Grassland scavenging is an important agricultural pest from the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas, a major precipitation pest of the FAO Global Warning, with "international, migratory, havoc."
The pest endangers more than 80 crops, such as maize, sugar cane and sorghum, and can lead to a loss of up to 70 per cent of yields.
As a result of the difficulty of combating the disease, there are no registered pesticides in China for the control of the insecticide.
Since the grassland squatter moved to Yunnan, the Yunnan Institute of Agricultural Sciences has selected a Eicon Fellow to lead the Yunnan Institute of Agricultural Sciences's cross-border harmful organisms
The Aichi team has been able to gain initial knowledge of the stock characteristics of the anchorus on clouan grassland, the resources of trichlorfon, offshore pests, stock migration trajectory.
They are actively engaged in green prophylaxis research and applications, providing new technologies for green prophylaxis, such as stock monitoring, infestation, scientific medicine and agronomic measures, which have achieved more than 90.
At present, the anchorage in Yunnacht has been effectively prevented from causing widespread outbreaks of flooding, and prevention and control efforts have yielded milestones.
As a next step, the Yunnan Institute of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism for the relocation of stocks to the invasive storm, breaking through the system of biosecurity and green prophylaxis.
At the same time, cross-border international cooperation has been actively pursued towards the establishment of joint focus laboratories and joint monitoring network sites and demonstration areas outside the country to enhance the monitoring and early warning capacity of all aspects of the clouds.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the Chinese People's Bank is scheduled to issue on 30 September 2019 a set of pyramid pyramid of the China International Import Fair.
There were two gold memorials, one in gold and one in silver, all of which were in the legal currency of the People's Republic of China.
According to the presentation, the positive images of the gold and silver memorials were all in Beijing Observatory prayer stalls and were published in the country's name, year and "China International Import Fair."
The home map of 8 grams of gold memorials is a mother-to-bear mouth, with the words "8g Au.999," "China International Import Fair" in English and the face.
The home map of 30 grams of silver memorials is a mother-to-bear mouth, with the words "30g Ag.999," "China International Import Fair," in English and in face.
Eight grams of gold memorials, 8 grams of pure currency, 22 mm diameter, 100 yen in size, 99.9 per cent in colour and a maximum circulation of 10,000 units, were reported.
The 30 grams of silver-denominated monuments are pyramid, 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm diameter, 10 yen, 99.9 per cent colour, with a maximum circulation.
The gold-amortized currency was set up by Shen-yang Currency Ltd., and was distributed by China Chin Corporation General.
White Paper: A country-specific development path in China
The Chinese news agency Beijing, 27 September, launched the White Paper "China and the World in a New Age" on 27 September by the Press Office of the State Department of China.
The White Paper states that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have successfully opened the path of China's distinctive socialism through hard search and beauty, with remarkable development achievements.
According to the White Paper, development in China is based on self-reliance and hard struggle.
China's development is based on the failure of the "800 million shirts for one voice," the failure of the nation to learn from what it does, the uneasy struggle of generations and its unimaginable hardships ";
The White Paper stated that China had developed in its interaction with the world, that China's development had injected positive energy into world peace and development, and that China's roads were in keeping with its national circumstances and the requirements of the times.
China has taken practical action to maintain world peace.
For 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict and has not invaded the land of another country.
As stated in the White Paper, China's development has been a great success for over 70 years, essentially because it has found the right path of development of China's distinctive socialism and remains steadfast along that path.
It is a path based on national circumstances, putting the interests of the people first, reforming innovation, pursuing common development in openness and full respect for the rule of law.
With its enormous size, complexity and unique governance, and without a united and strong leadership, China will move towards division and reconciliation and bring disaster to the world.
According to the White Paper, over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created another impressive Chinese miracle.
After 18 years of historic achievements and changes in China's development, in particular, the Chinese nation has embraced a great leap from standing, rich to strong and is closer to the great goal of national renaissance than ever before.
This path of development for China will increasingly show brighter development prospects as the times move forward.
Representatives of textiles from 45 countries and territories co-published the World Books Declaration.
The World Books Declaration was jointly launched by representatives of the textile industry in 45 countries and territories at the 2019 World Bridge Conference, held on 27 July in Shahing City, Zhejiang Province.
The Declaration states that, for the future, the countries concerned will work together to promote high-quality development in the textile industry in the world by insisting on open-minded, science-driven and time-bound industries.
The Conference brought together some 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore a win-win path to sustainable development and cooperation in the global textile industry, based on trends in the textile sector in the world economy.
The President of the Chinese Association of Textile Industry, Sun Swe, said that the current global industrial division of labour, trade and innovation patterns were undergoing profound adjustments and that the textile industry had entered a new phase of globalization. "Science
At the "crossroads" of the upgrading of the global textile transformation, the Suva philosophy spoke of "industry requires the active participation of the global textile community, the growth of institutions and the sharing of benefits for sustainable development."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly launched the World Books Declaration, which sets out the global development goals and vision for the textile industry.
The World Bookout Declaration states that, for the future, the countries concerned will maintain open synergies, continue to promote interconnectedness between industry and markets and enhance industrial chain development; pursue science-driven, textile-based research and technological
Loureno Bartholomei, President of the Brazilian Historical Design Association, was interviewed and said that the publication of the World Books Declaration had helped countries to jointly upgrade the textile chain and achieve sustainable development.
Loureno Bartholomei, for example, has more than 130 high-end local garment brands in Brazil's fashion architects who are committed to the design of fashion, high-end pasture products, and
As the host of the World Bridge, Kok Bridge, which has the largest textile market in the world, is now moving towards a new pattern of inward upgrading and opening up, representing China's textile image.
The Secretary of the Kok Bridge Council said that the Bridge would serve as an opportunity to advance the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win world as a pioneer.
The median price of the People's Currency, calculated by the Reuters, is set at 460 points in the reverse cycle near $7.0883.
According to the People's Currency Exchange Formulation Mechanism published by the China Foreign Exchange Exchange Exchange Centre (CFETS), the People's Currency is expected to run close to the United States dollar on Friday, about 154.
On the previous day, the People's Currency was presented to the United States dollar at a current rate of $7.1315, compared with the median price of $7.0729.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of today's intermediate price changes reflect the demand and supply effects of the market, and another 27 points reflect the reversal needed to keep the overnight basket of exchange rates largely constant "; and
The upper-day People's Currency, calculated by the Reuter, is $7.0947 against the United States dollar, and the actual value disclosed by the Foreign Exchange Exchange Exchange Centre deviates by 218 points.
On the basis of the intermediate price calculations published by CFETS, the People's Currency Exchange CFETS index, the Reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the Reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements)
Completion of Tianju Oxford, First Avenue, China Creation of more than 100 national patents
The Completion of the Windhou Fujian Finance Centre, First Avenue, North China, was held on 26 p.m. in Tianjin Sun, marking an autonomous GPW-GPW project in China
The Tianjin Greater Finance Centre, located in the Tianjin City Economic Technology Development Area, will have a total construction area of 39,000 square metres, four floors above 100 floors and 530 meters.
The relevant head of the Windhoek Greater Flord Project described the whole project as having more than 20,000 tons of steel and 37.6 million metres of welds at high altitude, equivalent to 42.5 barrel height
The complexity and processing of the steel structure of the Tianjin Fukushima Project is unprecedented.
According to industry sources, the Tianjin Greater Fujian Financial Centre has taken the lead in the implementation of the building information model (BIM) management throughout the country, either on its own or in the construction of.
Innovative presentation and successful implementation of the "Three BIM applications" model, with full staff participation, professional application and process-wide implementation, resulted in the development of a synergistic management platform based on a high-precision BIM model.
The director indicated that, during the construction work in Churio, the Department had first set up BIM in the virtual world and performed physical work after scientifically incorrect certification, which had the potential to break down the construction work.
In 2017, BIM innovation from the Zhou Fukhou Finance Centre project was awarded, among others, the Global Meritorious Construction Group of the Global Engineering Industry at the Global AU Award of Global Excellence in 2017.
In the course of the construction of the project, the Department created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation and STI drive of the Tianjin Oxfam project not only resulted in a one-time improvement in the complex and extensive construction chain, which was shortened by more than four months.
Shortly before, the Tianjin Week Grand Fort Finance Centre project also received the International Security Prize of ISA 2019.
Law enforcement was completed through the 86th joint patrol on the Mekong River in Haut-Myanmar.
On 27 July, the journalist was informed by the Public Information Office of the Public Security Office of Yunnan Province that, at 1530 hours, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th joint patrol. China
The operation, launched in Port-au-Prince on 24 April, lasted four days and three nights. A total of 136 law enforcement officers and 6 law enforcement boats were deployed in four countries, including Myanmar and Thailand.
During the operation, the team carried out joint patrols and counter-narcotics sensitization activities in key waters such as Phnom Penh, Laos Bago and Mumo.
In addition, China has sent a police operational instructor team to the Lao People's Army for 122 and 133 border guards to conduct operational police skills exchanges and effectively enhance the capacity of law enforcement officers on both sides to respond jointly to critical incidents.
China and Thailand also organized law enforcement cooperation fairs in Chiang, Thailand, to share information on recent experiences in border management, the fight against drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong Basin, and to consult on enhanced law enforcement cooperation.
The head of the Water Patrol Unit of the Public Security Office of Yunnan explained that the operation would be followed by a 10-day joint training and sub-branch patrol to improve the security of the Mekong River.
The Commander of the Thai side indicated that since the launch of the Joint Mekong Patrol Law Enforcement, China and Myanmar have been closely engaged, deepening practical cooperation and achieving fruitful results in a number of areas, including law enforcement security cooperation.
It is hoped that the Quartet's law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and work towards a new state of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries and make a new contribution to the maintenance of security and stability in the Mekong Basin.
The Iranian Minister of Defence, Amir Khatami, expressed his opposition to any agreement with the West on the Iranian missile project on 25 May.
The news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, citing Khatami, reported that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile forces" would undermine its capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders have supported the improvement of missile projects.
Iran reached an agreement with the six Iranian nuclear States in 2015, and the United States withdrew from the agreement in May last year and renewed and tightened sanctions in an attempt to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear agreement.
The United Nations General Assembly has been used by some Western leaders to mediate inter-American tensions.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Prime Minister Angela Mercel of Germany and President Emmanuel Marcron23 of France met on the margins of the General Assembly.
Following the meeting, the leaders issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
The President of Iran, Hassan Ruhani, informed media journalists on 24 September that Iran was willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iranian nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifted the sanctions.
Head of the review of the International Film Festival, Tokyo, 2019
The Chinese Film Festival was taught by the Beijing Film Institute in Queen Kirsch, under the White Clouds, as the only Chinese film in the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival.
The White Clouds was the fifth film by Professor Wang Swe, who spoke about a common Mongolian herder wife, some of the life dilemmas arising from the different life aspirations of the Mongolian people.
According to the information received, White Up held two global screening events during the current film festival, the dates of 31 October and 3 November, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from 28 October to 5 November this year at the six wooden, Japanese Valley, etc., in the afternoon of 26 September, the Film Committee
The Officer-in-Charge of the competition film presented the Chinese film "The White Yun."
The Film Festival was presented as Chair of the International Review Committee of the Film Festival Module.
Three Chinese-language films on the "Asia Future" module
In a series of International Film Festival in Tokyo, its prominence was second only to the "Asian Future" module of the main competition film, although only eight films were screened and the Chinese competition was six less.
The two Hong Kong films are a guided Baby feudal, a yellow meditation by Guo Fu City, and a bishop of Yang Yang Chung, a megawatch.
In addition, at the remaining non-executive level, the Lieutenant General of the Institute, Zhenchen, Lublin and Mid-Day Co-operative Advented Film - The Clarent, "
The Film Festival, spokesman for the "God" Hiroshi, in the absence of a press conference, gave a video message.
Prestigious lecturer Yokota.
At the press conference, the President of the International Film Festival in Tokyo, Ando Tenuu, the Film Festival Directorción, as well as the directors of each of the modules.
As a special guest at a press conference, the inaugural film -- The Theatre of the Presentation, The story of the Theatre: Welcome to Yokota, and the poster
The International Review Committee of the main competition module is composed of five members, the Chairman of the jury is a Chinese poster, and the other four are the United States producer Bill Göpp, the French performer and the film.
In addition, TIFFCOM, synchronized with the Tokyo International Film Festival (ITP), was increased from 22 to 24 October, with a record number of 401 exhibits, in particular from this year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specifically designated 22 October on the day of opening as China Day (CHINA Day), organized lectures, seminars, etc., and invited Japanese directors to co-host the evening.
Construction of the construction of the extended research base of Kumcal Planet and Capacal
Launched on 27 September by New Wall (journalist Lee Yes) to enrich the megawatal cultural subject tour route, which could accommodate 180 bear cal in the future. Kumal Planet and Mar 25
The "Kumal Capital," which is planned for all, consists of three regions, covering 69 square kilometres, in the northern lake area, in the Du River coke area and in the mountainous area of the springs.
The plan is to build an organic combination of the ecological, cultural values and adult-beautiful park cities and to build the ecological home of the polar.
The Kumal Planet, which covers 35 square kilometres of the northern lake area, will form the regional space structure of "1 + N + X" in conjunction with industrial planning.
One of the core attractions is the expansion of the Baupulal Research Base; the construction of the Na cultural tourism consumer site, namely, the Kumal township, the garden, the dream gardens, etc.
As a result of the expansion of the heavy bear cal research base, it will have a size of 3525 acres, with an overall positioning as a world class large bear cal conservation demonstration site where people and animals can beauty.
The gardens plan can accommodate 180 large bear cats and their contiguous animals (small bear cats and gold wire).
According to the Chinese Voice of China of the Central Radio and Television Service, a number of international politicians and national envoys have since congratulated the new China on its seventieth anniversary and highly valued the new Chinese development achievements and their importance for global development.
During a special visit to China, President Keita of Mali stated that he had visited China on numerous occasions and that China's development achievements over the past 70 years had been impressive and had benefited the world.
Keta: I am a friend and a sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed in self-interest, but has opened its doors to the world, bringing the greatest happiness to the peoples of the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Li Pying will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy and happy birthday, I wish China well!
Prime Minister Motley of Barbados said that he wished the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
I ask the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, which is also my birthday.
Today (25), Messengers of China from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations visited Beijing for a "great journey of great achievements -- a great exhibition of achievements celebrating the seventieth anniversary of the People's Republic."
Ambassador Denisov of Russia to China said that he had personally seen the starting point for China's reform of its open policy, and that progress had been far greater than it had been today and more than 40 years ago.
In addition, my embassies and consulates in the multinational countries have also held numerous events on the ground in recent days to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the establishment of the new China with friendly local figures.
Many foreign friends sent their heartfelt wishes to China.
On 26 September, it was announced at 100 times that the pilot operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned "class 4" fully automatic taxi convoy, was launched on a particular road in the city of Sa, prefect.
The Automated Initial Entrepreneurship Minor also launched a pilot operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
Self-piloted taxi with the support of the Government of China or will be expanded everywhere.
Since 26 June, a trial operation has been conducted using 45 automatic taxi vehicles, and passengers from the city of Nagasa can apply for a seat on a dedicated website.
There is a "warden" on the driver's gallery to ensure the safety of passengers.
The provision of piloted roads was 50 km by the end of 2019 and is planned to increase to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is a pure electric vehicle of the Chinese gasoline group, "red flag EV," and is equipped with a system developed by the Armo Plan, which was established on a 100-day basis with the Government.
In addition to Toyota and Toyota, the 100-degree Apolar programme involves more than 150 enterprises from the German public, Dimle, Germany, Ford, Intel, USA Microsoft and Great Da.
With regard to China's automobile taxi, China's largest network service provider, DDT, issued a plan to launch 30 automatic taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai during the year.
China's automatic driving development is competitive or will become more intense.
Taiwan scholars say that the "uncertain age" of typhoons needs to keep pace with the continent's development of mainstream industries
The 2019 Business Innovation Business Modalities Forum was held in Phnom Penh on 26 and 27 days.
A number of desktop representatives and scholars were invited to share their experiences on business transformation, innovation, succession and market opening.
The Forum was hosted by the Institute of Management of Phnom Penh and co-sponsored by organizations such as brainstorming and philanthropic groups.
The two-day sessions were divided into a series of workshops on transformational upgrading models, business strategies, etc., attended by more than 100 participants.
Mr. Chen Minh, President of the Institute of Northwest Business Management, said that trade friction continued in China (mainland China) and that business was facing an "era of uncertainty."
In his view, Taiwan needed to keep pace with the mainstream industry of continental development, paying particular attention to innovative products in the fields of science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"Past buyers value quality, effectiveness and delivery."
According to Chen Minh, the above-mentioned conditions alone are not sufficient.
He referred to the need for treasury enterprises to have both speed and service delivery, to speed up supply chains and to focus on extension and life-product services.
In addition, "service value added" is a new area that can be significantly developed by the desktop.
The speaker's address was presented at the Lobby Hall by the Chairman of the Philadelphia Electronic Ltd., from Guangdong, who had experienced operational difficulties as a result of a sharp reduction in orders.
The removal of traditional appliances, the use of electrical equipment for transformational vehicles, and the introduction of smart domestic appliances took three years for enterprises to become operational.
The white divide between the general manager of Sukhou (jewellness) Electronics Limited suggested that, if it was difficult to develop new clients, it would be better to provide "one-stop shop" to focus on.
Customer switching does not go beyond poor services, high prices, low quality, slow delivery, low varieties, and six aspects of good faith, so long as these six points are addressed, together with the ability of the enterprise to upgrade,
On 27 July, the award ceremony for the "2019 outstanding continental platform business award," also sponsored by the Institute, was held in Phnom Penh.
According to the Taiwan Economic Journal, the Managing Director of the Phnom Penh Gallery Company, based in Shanghai, won the "Jeender and Cross-Strait Contribution Award."
New regulations for consultation: Qualification of social capital for rural land ownership
Qualification of social capital for rural land ownership
Open consultation of the Rural Land Tenure Transfer Management Approach to regulate access to land for social capital flows, such as business enterprises
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs website published a public comment circular on rural land tenure (revised draft for comment) (hereinafter referred to as "opinion draft"), which increased the exposure of business enterprises to social capital flows.
The Draft Views are now publicly available for comment in society.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly amended Rural Land Contracts Act, the basic rural land system has been further strengthened and improved, the rural land system has been further reformed, the land management has been revised.
The youth journalist in Beijing learned that there had been a number of important changes to the first publication of the Draft Views.
The newly amended Rural Land Contracts Act defines the transfer of land and implements the concept of "triple devolution," with separate sections on "land contracting," "land transfer," "land transfer," and "land transfer."
In this opinion, the land transfer approach was changed to implement the concept of "triple devolution," effectively responding to the thrust of the Rural Land Contractors Act, taking into account the transfer of land rights and the transfer of land rights.
The transfer and exchange of land contracting rights will be regulated separately.
The Views state that in the context of the "triple separation," farmers have only a fixed period of land tenure.
In theory, even in the event of bankruptcy, farmers were only at risk of losing their right to operate for a certain period of time, so that providing for the return of the contractor to the original contractor was not legally necessary.
In response to the risk of farmers losing their land, priority units, pre-lease units, repurchase, etc., have been developed in practice.
In view of the more mature theoretical exploration of the priority unit in corporate law, it is recommended that it be used as an advocacy provision to protect against the risk of inequity.
