State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of Gannan.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme of "Remember your first heart and remember your mission", the Central Office for Civil-Military Integration, the State Administration of National Defense Science and Technology and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research activity on "State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entering the old revolutionary areas of Gannan", revisiting the revolutionary history, pursuing the red footprint, inheriting the red gene, carrying out the demand interface between relevant enterprises and the city of Ganzhou, and promoting the accelerated development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Deputy Director of the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Vice Minister of the United Front Work Department, Secretary of the Party Group of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce and Deputy Chairman of the Standing Committee, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee participated in the investigation.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include 8 military-industrial group companies, including China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, 10 private state-owned enterprises, including Hunan Research Institute of Rare Earth Metals, and 15 dominant private enterprises, including EVOC Group.
Meanwhile, the researchers visited the memorial park of the departure place of the long march of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received the traditional education of the revolution, reviewed the difficult course of the long march period of the Red Army, investigated seven enterprises and one testing center in Ganzhou on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and made on-site signing.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnet Technology Co., Ltd. made statements on behalf of the Military Industry Group Co., private state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises respectively, saying that they will continue to strengthen the demand interface between state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually expand the areas of cooperation, help the industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the high-quality development of the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas of Gannan, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, firmly established the belief that state-owned and private enterprises serve the people and officials start businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation mode, structural adjustment and people's livelihood of the former Central Soviet Region of southern Jiangxi, and promoting the quality, efficiency and dynamic transformation of economic development.
Beijing market supervision authorities carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival, and commodity prices are basically stable
ECNS, Beijing, September 27 (reporter Du Yan) -- In order to strengthen the market supervision and law enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Authority inspected more than 2,000 households of various business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of basic necessities such as grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and custard sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Administration of Market Supervision that the bureau has launched a "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" throughout the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other full elements and links of law enforcement inspection in key areas and key areas, and comprehensively standardizing the market operation order.
According to the introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Administration of Market Supervision, namely, Price, Industry and Commerce, Quality Supervision, Food and Drug Administration and Commerce, have coordinated and closely cooperated, with the heads of various law enforcement agencies leading the teams to conduct joint law enforcement inspection on some randomly selected business entities in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on pricing, advertising, food safety, metering standards and production safety system.
The market supervisory authorities of all districts have also simultaneously organized and carried out joint law enforcement inspections. A total of more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel have been dispatched to inspect more than 2,000 households of various types of business entities. The inspection showed that the supply of basic necessities such as grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and custard sold in the market is sufficient, commodity prices are basically stable, business operators can operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations have been found, and the market operation order is generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Administration of Market Supervision said that during the National Day holiday, it will strengthen emergency duty, continuously carry out inspection and inspection of the market, quickly handle various market supervision issues according to law, and deal seriously with the illegal business activities reported by the public once verified, so as to earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
Royal Cambodia Academy of Sciences Confucius Institute "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition Announced
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition, with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China, was announced and presented at the Confucius Institute of Royal Cambodia Academy of Sciences on the 26th.
Zhong Jifa, diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, representative of the Federation of Khmer Chinese in Cambodia and president of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented awards to the winners.
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute in Royal Cambodia Academy of Sciences, the contest lasted two months and was attended by Cambodian primary school students, secondary school students (including college students) and university students (including social workers).
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted separately according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee. Through the initial evaluation, reassessment and final evaluation, one first prize, two second prizes, three third prizes and 10 outstanding prizes were finally selected. One first prize, five second prizes, 10 third prizes and 20 outstanding prizes were awarded to the primary and secondary school group.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, said that he had been learning Chinese for 15 years and had made a great impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to describe in words the welfare brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road Initiative" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the younger generation will continue to add to the China-Cambodia friendship.
The picture shows the guest and the winning contestant.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she was excited to have the opportunity to express her feelings of "China in the heart" through her ancestral Chinese script and win the prize.
Organizers said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
26, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers.
According to foreign media reports, the IAEA reported that advanced centrifuges in Natanz Nuclear Facility, Iran, "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Since the US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use first-generation IR-1 centrifuges to refine uranium.
The other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage it, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Japan's Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Mogi held talks with Foreign Minister Sergei of Russia, Lavrov in New York, the United States, where he was visiting, and confirmed that he would push forward the conclusion and negotiation of a peace treaty including the territorial issues of the four northern islands (the disputed islands of Japan and Russia, "four northern islands" in Japan and "South Kuril Islands" in Russia), and develop bilateral relations in a wide range of political and economic fields. The two sides also reached an agreement on coordinating Mogi's visit to Russia at an early date.
This is the first time that Mogi, as the head of the negotiations for the conclusion of the peace treaty, has held consultations with Russia since he became foreign minister.
Mogi told the Russian side that "including the promotion of common economic activities (on the four northern islands), we hope to carry out practical consultations".
According to the Japanese government, the territorial issue was not discussed in detail during the talks.
At the Japan-Russia summit in December 2018, it was confirmed that the as the heads of the two countries, foreign ministers of the two countries would accelerate the negotiations.
At the talks, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
"I hope that the successful implementation will lead to the next step," Mogi said in anticipation of the pilot tourism business scheduled for October.
In addition, the talks confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa: The South Pacific island nation of Legislative Assembly elected Pohiva Tuionetoa, the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga on the 27th, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website of MATANGI, the main media outlet in Tonga, the Legislative Assembly is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In a parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa was elected with 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Semisi Sika.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of powers between the executive, the legislature and the judiciary.
Tuionetoa also had to be appointed by the king.
The next Legislative Assembly election will be held in 2021.
Women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by the opponent after winning two games in a row, and finally won 3-1 against the Netherlands, ushering in a nine-game winning streak.
The World Cup schedule is nearing its end. Although the defense of the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team should not be taken lightly in the face of the Serbian team.
In the first two games of the match against the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball team performed as strongly as ever, going down two cities at 25-19 and 25-16 respectively, until the third game, when the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened their service aggression after falling behind. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. In addition, the girls were eager to attack, and the mistakes began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back by their opponents at 21-25.
After the game, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third game, we gave away about 8 points because of mistakes."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although they lost one game, everything is still in Lang Ping's hands. "It is normal to win or lose a game against a strong team, and it is normal to play five games, so we said to the players to concentrate," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth inning, the players actively adjusted their status. Zhang Changning opened fire on the offensive end and scored 8 points in a single game, which made a great achievement for the team to win.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11-round confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did set off alarm bells for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against the Netherlands: The more critical the moment, the more we must do our best.
In the other match on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played five games, and the United States failed to take all three points from their opponents. Thus, the Chinese women's volleyball team could defend its title one round ahead of schedule if it win all three points against Serbia.
All sorts of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although the Serbian team is missing all six major players, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
In the current form of the table, the Serbian team has basically missed out on medals, which means that they can "light up" in the match against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down their bags to fully impact their opponents, while the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship, but the state may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a lamb "to be slaughtered". In the previous battle with the Netherlands, the two sides fought five games, and Serbia's second team finally reversed the Netherlands' entire main squad 3:2, thus showing the depth of its squad.
Before the start of the third stage of the competition, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams are not easy to deal with: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare as before."
Now that the trumpet of defending the title has been blown, the game has really entered the "white-hot phase."
In terms of strength and squad, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponent, but only at the last critical juncture. It also depends on whether the girls of the women's volleyball team can play their normal level and release themselves on the court.
The University of Macao today (27th) hosted the "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium", which attracted more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao who are engaged in the field of "outer stem cell" research to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
Ge Wei, Vice President (Research) of the University of Macao, said that stem cell research has medical value and is one of the key research projects of the University of Macao. This seminar will help to promote Macao's research and development in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of Greater Bay Area, Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, the University of Macao is committed to building a talent training base and a science, technology and innovation center on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together experts in stem cell research at home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Deng Chuxia, Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, said that in recent years, the University of Macao has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation, and has significantly improved the quantity and quality of papers. The University of Macao has also made fruitful achievements in stem cell research.
At the conference, a group of well-known scholars shared the cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Translational Medicine of Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture system to study monkey and human embryos in vitro; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cell of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, expounded on the spatial and temporal changes in cell lineage decisions and tissues after implantation of mouse embryos from single cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor at the Pennsylvania State University, showed how to use biomaterials hydrogel to simulate stem cell micronests for survival and delivery.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Institute of Chinese Medical Sciences of the University of Macao, also presented their newly published important achievements.
The "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium" was hosted by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macao and co-sponsored by the Institute of Chinese Medical Sciences of the University of Macao and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology, with the participation of Chen Gong'an, Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund.
The seminar included 11 academic reports on embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, stem cell mechanism research and transformation applications, biological materials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm and the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu said the seminar provided a platform for stem cell experts from Greater Bay Area and other regions to exchange and cooperate, as well as a valuable learning opportunity for students.
The ceremony of awarding state medal and state honorary titles of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the ceremony of awarding the State Medal and the State Honor Title of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held in the Great Hall of the People on September 29 at 10 a.m.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the CPC Central Committee and Chairman of the CMC, will award the "Order of the Republic", the "Order of Friendship" and the "Medal of National Honor" to the recipients of the State Medal and the State Honor Title, respectively, and deliver important speeches.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the ceremony of awarding the State Medal and the State Honor Title of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held on September 29 at 10 a.m. in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the Order of the Republic.
The "Order of the Republic" is mainly made of red and gold. The body of the medal adopts elements such as national emblem, pentagram, Yellow River, Yangtze River, mountain peaks and peonies. The chain of medals uses elements such as Chinese knot, Ruyi and orchid. It is made of cold pressing molding, silk mosaics and enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the medal recipients to the construction and development of the Republic, praises the highest honor of the country, wishes the prosperity of the motherland and implies that the people of all ethnic groups in the country are united in building the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The "Order of Friendship" is mainly made of gold and blue. The body of the medal adopts elements such as dove of peace, earth, handshake and lotus flower. The chain of medals adopts elements such as Chinese knot, evergreen, peony, jade and orchid. It is handmade with traditional crafts such as flower silk inlay and silk enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the friendship and solidarity between the Chinese people and the people of other countries, and wishes the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Medal of Honor Title takes red and gold as the main color tone. The main body of the medal adopts elements such as five stars, Tiananmen Square, peony, flag and light. The chain of medals adopts elements such as Chinese knots and flowers. It is made with cold pressing molding, silk inlay and enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the great contributions made by the recipients of the National Honor Title in various fields and industries, shows the leading role of demonstration, inspires the people of all ethnic groups in the country not to forget their first hearts and remember their mission, and works tirelessly for the realization of the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The China Media Group and xinhuanet.org will broadcast the award ceremony live, and the key news websites of the central government, including the People's Daily, CCTV and China Net, as well as the clients of the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency and CCTV news clients, will broadcast the ceremony simultaneously.
"For 70 years, NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological superiority," Stoltenberg said in a speech at the U. S. Military Academy at West Point.
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said: "The competition we are encountering is getting more and more intense.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
"Some of the new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries," he said.
Chinese companies are working on 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles.
NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technologies," Stoltenberg said.
On September 24, the "One Ship Ticket to Take Me to See" Love and Help for the Disabled was held at Orange Isle in Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star Cruise Line to enjoy the magnificent scenery of Xiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who took part in the event boarded the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is an amputee who seldom goes out because his feet are immobile.
"Today, for the first time, I took a cruise ship to enjoy the grandeur of Xiangjiang River at close range and felt the pulse of Changsha's development. I was very excited and unforgettable," he said.
Volunteers from the the Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and the Blue Sky Rescue team provided nuanced services to the disabled.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on and off the cruise.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that in the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has been continuously developing and progressing. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlight of various media outlets is suddenly shining, making a lot of images that we don't usually remember shine -- it is they who bring heat and light to our shining days...
However, if the hero walks around, it also seems as ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping, who has devoted himself to the study of rice, has bred good seeds and cultivated all over the world, so that more than one billion Chinese people will no longer be at risk of hunger and graciousness. This man is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk around the fields. Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who has made every effort to make China's "eyes of heaven" open, is a person, a lifetime, a pot, and only does one thing in his life. He nibbles cold steamed bread in the mountains of Guizhou, which is no different from the old man in the stockade. Zhou Ruchang, a red scholar, a village boy who was a late bloomer, is still like a red son in old age. He studies all over China and the West. He has a tousled white hair. He talks about learning to the meeting place and likes to clatter and laugh. Qin Yi, a film artist with half a red sky, is over 90 years old. He is also happy to play an unknown old handmaid in "The Legend of the Goblin" for six or seven hours a day in the plateau in order to arrange the play...
They, seeking benevolence and benevolence, live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they immerse themselves in the cause that outsiders do not understand and they are self-treasured, they will easily become happy and do not care about fame, wealth and glory.
As in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk of the Tibetan Sutra Pavilion in Shaolin Temple, though embracing the martial arts of the world, is not dazzling, not proud, no joy and no sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red heart, behind which there is a family to give up their responsibility.
The family and country bear the responsibility, not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, the words of a female middle school student were turned crazy by netizens. "When a hero passes by, someone has to sit on the side of the road and clap... I don't want to be a hero. I want to be a person who sits on the side of the road and claps."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
People clapping on the side of the road, also transmitting heat and light, are themselves luminous bodies.
Ordinary like me, there are always some opportunities in life, some moments, there is a kind of accumulation, but also in the shape of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an excellent judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, but at the annual meeting, the old master of the transmission room took the stage to tell his story. He received and sent countless newspaper letters a year. He never made mistakes. "It is not simple to do simple things well." Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the old "sweeping monk".
It's a little pity between heroes. It's a hero applauding another hero.
The sweeping monk has the Shaolin Temple Tibetan Sutra Pavilion, Yuan Longping has the vast rice experimental field, Nan Rendong has the "Eye of Heaven", Qin Yi has the stage and Zhou Ruchang has the forum... whether he can be a hero depends not only on his own efforts, but also on a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
"China Eye", for example, now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still struggling to climb the slope, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Body".
At that time, the most bullish "eye" was Arecibo, a single-sided radio telescope in the Puerto Rico Valley, with a diameter of 350 meters, which is considered the "unsurpassable" world's largest.
At that time, the diameter of the Chinese radio telescope was less than one tenth of that of other people.
But Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-level scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insisted on returning home, bringing back an almost crazy idea: To build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more information from outer space!
China's waste waiting to flourish, invest huge amounts of money to play with stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "Eye of Heaven" project was launched.
It took 12 years to select the site and another 9 years to complete the project.
With the opening of the 500-meter caliber "Eye of Heaven", China has made a great scientific project that has no precedent and is "unique in the world".
Therefore, the "Eye of Heaven" is remarkable, the Nan Rendong people are remarkable, and the Republic, with its tolerance and high hopes, is remarkable.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nan Rendong has the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
There are young talents, white-haired heroes walking by amiably, there are people gently clapping on the roadside, such a country, very beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage Classification Education First Enter Jilin Kindergarten Environmental Protection Idea From Dolls
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education course to teach children to distinguish recyclable garbage from other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local preschool education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the Work Plan for Promoting Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level in Jilin Province.
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot project of compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
The city of Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we can realize the effect that children drive families and kindergartens drive society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Hi Fan Er International Kindergarten Executive Director Liu Lijuan said.
On the same day, the director of the park read out an environmental protection initiative, hoping that garbage sorting would start with children.
After performing the "Low Carbon Bay" dance, the children started a garbage sorting game in groups.
The instructors also issued "recyclable" and "other garbage" labels, advising children to glue the labels to the garbage can and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low carbon and green environmental protection, and regularly opened an environmental lecture hall.
There are also sortable garbage bins in the garbage disposal area of the park, which are marked with the types of garbage disposal.
Teacher teaches children what is recyclable waste goose photo
According to preliminary statistics, in 2018, the production volume of urban domestic waste in Jilin Province was about 5,465,200 tons, all of which went into the domestic waste disposal site for treatment.
Of these, 3,292,900 tons were sanitary landfill, 2,092,300 tons were incinerated, and 80,100 tons were treated by comprehensive utilization technology.
After years of efforts, all cities and counties in the province have the capacity of harmless disposal of domestic waste.
In the "Work Program for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level", which has been issued, it is clearly required to carry out in-depth activities such as sorting garbage into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and strengthen the interaction between students and parents by creating and compiling garbage sorting songs, songs, comics and micro-videos, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and training a new generation".
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117,015 vehicles.
Sales in China fell 21% due to the impact of insufficient new vehicles and reduced price cuts.
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6%, and demand for the last bus before the consumer tax increase in October was limited.
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
Sales of the CX-4, China's main SUV, fell by 14%.
The "CX-4" has been on the market for a long time since 2016, and the effect of the new car has decreased.
The reduction in price due to the strategy of improving brand value from a long-term perspective is also known to have a great impact on sales volume.
Mazda's sales in the United States rose 7% year on year to 27,482 vehicles, a 14-month increase.
In August, sellers had one more day of business than the previous year, which, combined with "enhanced promotional activities such as publicity" (Mazda), led to increased sales of SUVs such as the "CX-5".
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said the emergency rush before the tax increase "did not go as far as the last one (in 2014)."
Sales of small cars such as the "Demio" have decreased.
Chirac dies, political legacy lives on
26 local time, former French President Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of a century of unprecedented changes, the French politician still deserves our praise for the many political legacies he left when he came to power.
Chirac served as president of France for 12 years in a charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the diplomatic spirit of de Gaulle's independence, but also firmly supported European integration and was a representative figure in the pursuit of the "European dream".
At the same time, he strongly advocated multipolarization and multilateralism in the world and was a statesman with a strategic vision.
That is why the French media described him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's favorite political decisions was his opposition to the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined hands with Germany to resist US pressure and take the lead in the anti-war.
A year after the war began, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to increased terrorist activity and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was quite correct.
At a time when European integration is in a state of indecision and the unilateralism of the United States is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightenment significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel more familiar and affectionate.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of China-France relations. After his first election as President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of China-France relations with the strategic vision of a statesman.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a completely new stage.
During Chirac's administration, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and the two countries made breakthroughs in cooperation in various fields, including aviation, nuclear energy and railway transportation.
The Sino-French Cultural Year, initiated by Chirac, has created a completely new cultural exchange mode in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can memorize some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"Not looking at the Pyramid is not really to Egypt, not looking at the terracotta warriors is not really to China" -- this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
"The West has some concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political status in the international arena," Chirac told Xinhua in an interview.
But I am confident in China myself.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also think that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to the world culture and enrich the world culture.
The Sri Lankan people have gone, but Chirac's political legacy and enlightenment to the world will live on.
The Seventh China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference was inaugurated in Wuhan on the theme of "Digital Convergence Valley and Intelligent Enjoy the Future" on the 27th. Nearly 1,000 experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
Hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF) and jointly hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and the Huazhong University of Science and Technology, the conference organized five invited reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss research achievements on the basic theory of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and science and technology.
The purpose of the CCF Big Data Academic Conference is to strengthen the contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, promote the interdisciplinary integration and the development of the big data industry. After seven sessions, the conference has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, with the exchange of scientific research achievements as the main focus. The content of the conference has been extended to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
Members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) join forces to oppose the US-Hong Kong bill
Some members of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committee of both houses of the United States Congress.
The statement, signed by 40 Formed Members of Parliament, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are granted by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements with different countries and regions around the world in the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not conferred by any foreign government or legislature.
Since then, Hong Kong has strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with different countries and regions, and participated in cooperation in many related fields.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the U. S. Senate and the House of Representatives to pass the relevant bill was unnecessary, but only in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and gaining political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
Establishment lawmakers expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the U. S. move.
The statement noted that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the source of the largest trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, in addition to hitting the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, it will also make Sino-US relations worse, without any benefit and at the expense of others.
The statement said Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the "one country, two systems" principle, continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international commerce.
On the 26th, two chambers of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, the European Times reported.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently said that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time, it should try to "properly accept".
Macron is trying to find a compromise on immigration and slow down the impact of the upcoming debate, the report said.
In a recent interview on the sidelines of the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, the United States, Macron expressed the hope that there would be a real "two-pronged" approach to immigration policy, finding a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to be able to take in (migrants) properly, it cannot take in everyone," Macron said.
Macron listed four priorities for immigration policy: To grant asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of migrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all migrants entering French territory; and to resettle more efficiently those who have entered France illegally and are not fit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "national medical aid" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic in the past.
Macron said he wanted to be able to "assess" the system, but not remove it, but put some restrictions on it.
Following Macron's remarks, Le Pen, leader of the far-right National Alliance, tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk."
Senate President Rauscher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "realistic" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Leftist Socialist Party lawmaker Valao argued that France should "accept more and better" on immigration and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act, which has been in place for a year, has divided opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time has failed to appease right-wing opposition parties, the report said.
In the next 2022 election, the topic of immigration policy will once again be the focus of attacks by the far right. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but he will also risk angering leftists within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate the immigration policy from September 30 and the Senate from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "buyback tide," with many listed companies offering "real gold and silver" to buy back the company's shares.
According to the statistics of East Money, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, same as below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, and setting a record high for the amount of A share repurchase funds.
In response, Xu Yang, Chairman of Shanghai Meikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market is low this year, and the repurchase of shares at a relatively low price will help listed companies improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage their market capitalization and abundant cash flow, which will help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed rules for the implementation of share repurchase by listed companies, providing detailed norms and guidelines for listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, the listed companies that have implemented the repurchase plan mainly focus on the infrastructure industry, real estate industry, information technology industry and electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, according to the amount of repurchase payment, six listed companies have repurchased more than RMB 1 billion this year.
Among them, the first is Erie shares, whose repurchase amount is more than RMB 5 billion.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice president of the School of Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with China News Service that on the one hand, the repurchase shows that listed companies have strong economic strength and better financial condition, and are capable of maintaining stock price stability and giving investors confidence. On the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, the market and investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For the capital market, this is the core of the basic elements.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and has a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the research report of the Orient Securities, according to the estimated number of share repurchases set by the A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of the repurchased shares, the incremental capital brought by the repurchase of shares to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
In the past two months, the restoration work of the large-scale fresco of the Tianhaiguan Palace in Tianjin, a key cultural protection unit of the state, was announced to have ended on the 26th, and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
The "Divine Monument" is a large traditional mural that fully reflects the life of Mazu.
>With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was painted by Cai Changkui, the former director of Tianjin Folk Museum (Tianhaiguang) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that the mural is painted on the walls of the south and north palaces of the Tianhaiguan Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth and fall of the day, the crossing of the sea by seat and the ascent of the feather to the sky. 358 characters recreate the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has experienced rainy summers and dry winters. This "wet and dry" has led to the rupture of the fresco, which accounts for 60% of the total fresco area.
In order to protect and rescue the frescoes of the deeds of the Mazu, the Nankai District Ancient Culture Street Management Committee and the Tianhaiguan Palace of Tianjin City initiated the restoration project of the Tianhaiguang Grand Hall and the frescoes in the temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, who invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repairing the old as before'. At the same time, the original fresco has been adjusted in part, and the original imperfect place of the fresco has been supplemented and restored.
In the restoration, we also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original fresco were maintained.
Built in 1326, the Tien Hau Palace, formerly known as the Tianfei Palace and commonly known as the Niang Niang Palace, has undergone many reconstructions. It is the oldest complex in downtown Tianjin and one of the earliest existing Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the commissioning ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was solemnly held.
The shape of the terminal of Beijing Daxing International Airport implies "Phoenix spread its wings" and is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, making it the second airport in the world to handle more than 100 million passengers annually after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is estimated that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million, with international flights accounting for 20%; by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country gate", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Beijing Daxing District and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. The direct distance between Beijing Daxing International Airport and Tiananmen Square is 46 kilometers. It is the largest newly built airport in the world.
The steel roof of the terminal has a projected surface area of 180,000 square meters and is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrivals and two departures -- F1-F4 for international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departures and international departures, respectively.
The double deck bridge connecting the high speed and the airport outside the terminal building corresponds to the upper level of the terminal F3 and F4 respectively.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of "double airport" in Beijing.
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development, and a comprehensive transportation hub for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region supporting the construction of the Xiong'an New Area. So far, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines.
During the winter and spring 2019 season, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic and 15 international destinations.
This forms a "dual hub" airport pattern with coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport, which not only relieves the operating pressure of the saturated capacity of the Capital Airport, but also better meets the urgent needs of the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport runway adopts the "all-directional" layout, adopts the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and establishes China's largest terminal control area, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used the localized automatic baggage handling and information management system, and adopted innovative baggage transmission mode to improve the efficiency of baggage handling system.
Beijing Daxing International Airport, the first flight, the phoenix wings dazzling cool take-off.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and achieved a localization rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
The Malaysia Chinese Association is tentatively scheduled to hold a general meeting in November to transfer the party age to 16.
The Malaysian Chinese Association is tentatively scheduled to hold a central congress in early November to amend the party constitution to lower the age of membership to 16.
With the approval of the National Assembly to lower the voting age for the general election, the MCA announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, would propose amendments to the Party Constitution, including lowering the age of membership of the MCA from the current 18 to 16 years.
Datuk Seri Wee Ka Siong, president of the MCA, said that the Central Committee of the MCA was scheduled to hold its central congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but the date of the congress may be changed due to the by-election for the parliamentary seats in Tanjung Piai.
He said that since the Election Commission would only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination date and polling day for the by-election for the Tanjung Piai seat, they would meet the following day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of the Central Committee meeting yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the party constitution, but it just happened that Dato 'Mohamad Ferry, a member of the Tanjung Piai of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of illness and joined the agenda of the by-election for the national seat.
Wang Boxiang, former secretary of Shouguang County Committee of Shandong Province -- Qiangxian Fu Min Chizi Xin - Xinhua
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943 and joined the work force in 1967.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed as the Pparty Scretary of Shouguang County, a poor county in Weifang.
During the five years of Shouguang's tenure, Wang Boxiang, with a heart for the people, concentrated his efforts on three things: First, to promote the industrialization of vegetables, second, to develop the salt and alkaline flats in Shoubei, and third, to lay the foundation for the industrial turnaround, so that Shouguang people have since bulged up their pockets and raised their waistboards.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables, but also have a lesson in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables but could not sell them. They were rotten in the fields.
Wang Boxiang found that the key to catch vegetables is to do a good job of circulation.
Shouguang has taken the lead in building a vegetable wholesale market, opening the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party cadres should take the lead and screw up, and all losses should be borne by the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 Party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuanzhu Village, set up 17 winter warm vegetable sheds. That year, 17 "double million yuan households" appeared in the village.
Subsequently, a promotion group was set up in the county. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured various towns and villages for guidance. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were popularized. After that, the vegetable sheds were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, the 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei is a shallow beach in addition to saline and alkaline flats.
The life of the local people is very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable shed, how does Shoubei do?
Wang Boxiang organized more than 100,000 people to fight the congress and set up camp on the deserted alkaline beach.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and lived on the construction site, carrying carts and sleeping rough like migrant workers. When the people saw them, they all extended their thumbs and admired them. At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed a "treasure basin" on the salt and alkaline flats.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as the secretary of the county committee.
During the meeting, a "Comparison Table of Industrial Economy Figures in the Urban Areas of the Twelve Counties of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is still good, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
With a group of more than 70 people, Wang Boxiang went to the field to "change his mind".
Less than a year after coming back, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Every year since then, a "learning group" has been organized to learn from the experience in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang is short of enterprises and even more short of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting and patted the board: In the county, 40 "enterprising and capable people" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in China, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the vice mayor of Weifang.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "Wanyuan households" and a cadre recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our Boxiang secretary".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over a meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The meeting was attended by African Foreign Ministers Tanona of Cote d'Ivoire, Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Pandor of South Africa, Kalla of Niger and Jesse Navier of Tunisia.
Wang Yi made a four-point proposal on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, strength through solidarity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. As a direct result, the basic norms of international relations have been challenged and the role of the United Nations has been affected, to the detriment of the interests of a large number of developing countries, including African countries, as well as small and medium-sized countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to hold hands and shoulder to shoulder, so that unity can have strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not just on three votes, but on the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit and influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China and African members of the Security Council have established the "3 + 1" coordination mechanism, which should be fully utilized.
Second, the settlement of disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated the political settlement of hotspot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation, as well as the experience of successful mediation by African regional and sub-regional organizations.
Many of the complex issues on the Council's agenda, particularly the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the bane of colonialism, while others are directly related to external factors.
We should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self - improvement.
African countries and peoples know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote capacity building for independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourth, we must address the root causes through development.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We should stick to putting economic and social development first and support each other's chosen development path.
China is willing to closely link the joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We should jointly push the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
With the outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) again, China has made and will continue to make every effort to provide assistance, provide human and material assistance within its capacity, and is willing to coordinate actions with African countries to mobilize the United Nations, WHO and other countries to increase their assistance and play the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the DRC.
Neonatal pediatrics and other relays to save small lives.
Thrilling!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack. On her way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby was born in her father's car.
Fortunately, obstetricians and neonatologists dealt with it in time, and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20 and 21, the obstetrics and neonatal department of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital received and treated three premature babies born on the road for three days in a row. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles. Both were premature babies born at 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng, a pregnant mother of two, felt a little pain in her stomach at 7 a.m. on September 19. Thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and that her first baby was premature, she packed her waiting items and prepared to take a shower and go straight to the hospital.
After 9:30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from his home in Xudong to the hospital.
I didn't expect the baby to be born in his father's car co-pilot soon after the car left the house.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynecology building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The hospital security guard saw the couple and baby in a panic and immediately informed the maternity ward. Zhang Huan, the deputy chief physician, and four other doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord disc.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the co-driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood under her body. A baby boy was nearby, still attached to the umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan asked to know that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. The parents did not have time to cover the package for the baby. The morning of early autumn was already cool. His skin was pale with cold, he did not cry, and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan hurriedly went to the co-pilot to dispose of the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan got into the cab and quickly opened the delivery bag. He wrapped several layers of warmth for the baby with the treatment towel and the cloth of the delivery bag, and cleaned the airway for the newborn (pictured). He then carried the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
After the neonatal medical care learned the news, it rushed to the nurse station to rescue the premature baby on the spot.
At that time, the baby's face was purple and he suffered from suffocation and hypoxia. The doctor immediately intubated his trachea. In less than a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat and his skin color gradually returned to ruddy. The resuscitation was successful.
After being admitted to hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on a invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he was successfully withdrawn the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable and breathing is smooth. A small amount of breastfeeding has been started.
Coincidentally, on 19, 20 and 21, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three days in a row. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles. Both were premature babies at 29 weeks. They are now actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics and gynecology at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, many babies born on the subway and in private cars have been received and treated by mothers and children in the province.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital immediately if they have abdominal pain, water breakage and red.
In case of being in the basin at home or on the road, the mother should lie down as flat as possible. She can put a blanket under her hip to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery and sent to the nearest doctor as soon as possible.
Vietnam New Aviation Technology Company officially opens for business
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the Memorandum of Cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the emergence of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair joint venture.
Two leading aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore have cooperated to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Ed Young, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said the company's associate partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a promising future cooperative relationship between the two sides.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the rich experience shared by Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering will help the joint venture to provide international level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VS TEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the potentially huge aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market in the direction of depth and breadth.
At the same time, it is a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
Thus, it can better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: Manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world - Xinhua
Hefei (Xinhua), September 27 -- A few days ago, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Congress Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrade. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing sector, thoroughly discussed the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing industry, continuously improved the ability of high-quality application of intellectual property rights, and accelerated the construction of the advantages of intelligent upgrading in the manufacturing industry.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration issued the report "Analysis and Evaluation of Innovation Development Quality of Patent Navigation Anhui Province". According to the calculation results of the Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and Quality Development Index, the 2018 Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and Quality Development Index of Anhui Province ranked eighth among the 31 provinces, autonomous regions and cities in the country, and the Innovation Factor Concentration Index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019 China Netball Tournament Opens Today With Multiple Olympic Champions Participating in Opening Ceremony
Several Olympic champions will take part in the opening ceremony. The audience will sing "Me and My Country" with the Junior Chorus.
The 2019 China Open will be officially opened at the National Tennis Center today. The Organizing Committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony before the first match of the evening. Several Olympic champions and sports personalities will gather at the Diamond Court. Guests and spectators will join the children of the Junior Choir in singing "Me and My Motherland".
In the next nine days, including National Day Golden Week, Beijing will again welcome the tennis craze, and the National Tennis Center will be a good place for fans to go on holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn seasons, and this year is the 16th time it has been held.
And the total prize amount of this year's Chinese tennis tournament is also a new record high, reaching $11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize money of the women's crown is US $7.64 million. Compared with Indian Wells and Miami, the last two women's singles competitions are 96 signings, while the Chinese net is 60 signings. Therefore, for the players, the participation of the Chinese net is more "value for money".
The total prize money of the men's ATP500 was a record high, rising from US $3.4 million last year to US $3.52 million. The prize money continued to lead the ATP500, while the total prize money of the Tokyo Station of the ATP500 held the same week was around US $2 million.
There will be a short and grand opening before the first match scheduled on Centre Court tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some players who participated in the opening ceremony tonight, there will also be ten outstanding players from all fields of Chinese sports, including many Olympic champions and world champions.
The first match on Centre Court after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round match between China's Jinhua Peng Shuai and Russia's Kasakina, followed by the second match in which American rookie Sofia Kenin challenged 2015 Chinese Open women's singles champion Muguraza to open the 2019 Chinese Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British newspaper Metro, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi are engaged.
Mozzi is understood to be a 34-year-old Italian billionaire who mainly works in property development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice, the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson of Duke of York, is ranked fifth in the line of succession to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world."
Mrs Duke of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on May 26 and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr Mozzi are engaged."
The UK said the pair got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugeni.
'We are so happy to share the news of our engagement,' the pair said in a statement.
We are so excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life and we can't wait to get married.
We share many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
A maximum of three points on a free throw?
On the 27th of Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced that it would try out the new rules for free throws. Each free throw will be made only once, and the score will be determined by the foul situation.
O 'Neill is among the NBA stars with a low free-throw percentage.
The new rules stipulate that two points can be scored for a foul on a two-point shot, three points for a foul on a three-point shot and one point for a foul.
The last two minutes of regular time and extra time follow the previous penalty rule.
Although the rule will only be tested in the NBA Development League for the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on current players if the rule is implemented in the NBA.
For now, many people think that the new rules may be good for "bearded" Hadden, while James, who is not so good at free throws, will "suffer".
Wuhan promotes intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a maximum subsidy of 20 million yuan
The reporter learned from the press office of the Wuhan Municipal Government on the 27th that since this year, the city has accelerated the transformation of industrial intelligence and implemented the transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises of scale and above have collected information on the demand for intelligent transformation.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of the Wuhan Economic and Information Bureau, said that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consulting and diagnosis services and proposing solutions for industrial enterprises above the scale of demand, and comprehensively promoting a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan City publicly selects a number of specialized diagnostic service institutions each year, and conducts an intelligent transformation needs survey for all industrial enterprises of scale and above in the city through the establishment of columns, questionnaires and door-to-door filing.
Up to now, more than 800 regulated industrial enterprises have collected information on the demand for intelligent transformation, accounting for nearly one third of the number of industrial enterprises above the city's size.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to be stationed in enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site assessment and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that at present, the city is organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan. Hongxin Communications Huazhong's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory, Aerospace Science and Technology Industry's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Bio World's leading new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, and Obang Intelligent Home Internet of Things intelligent production line are among a number of leading intelligent workshops and smart factories in the industry.
In addition, the city has also increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment shall be completed according to their actual conditions; including investment in equipment and hardware, and investment in research and development software, 8% shall be granted, with a transformation subsidy of up to 20 million yuan.
At the same time, we will actively join hands with financial institutions such as the Bank of Exchange and the Wuhan branch of the Zhejiang Commercial Bank to provide personalized financial services for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously alleviate the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau "Man Set to Collapse," Can He Succeed in Re-election
The "big hole" that tripped Trudeau up this time is what Trudeau dug himself up a little bit.
Recently, Canadian media have revealed a number of old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau dressed himself as a black man.
This is considered a clear act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After it happened, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
The Canadian public, however, is not buying much.
Trudeau threw a rock at his own foot.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the federal Liberal Party have been making high-profile accusations that opposition parties or dissidents within their own party are "losing money" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately".
Simply put, the "big hole" that tripped Trudeau up this time is what Trudeau himself dug up a little bit.
Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is a handsome young man who had a whirlwind of "political idols" when he first came out.
Originally a "political vegetarian," he took over as the head of the federal Liberal Party and fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in Canada's 2015 federal legislative election -- the federal Liberal Party won a valuable single cabinet with more than half of the seats in the federal lower house.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "ecological protection" and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "unfairness".
However, in his five years in power, he has been "high and low" in almost all of the above aspects.
Take the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality," leaving aside the "blackface" incident, after he paid "lip service" to a series of First Nations issues, which led First Nations groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gates of Parliament Hill on the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
In terms of eliminating corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the "Lan Wanling Incident".
It was revealed that Lan Wanling, a construction engineering company in his hometown, had committed major irregularities and malpractices for personal gain, pressuring the departments and officials in charge of investigation and punishment to "hold your hands high".
Moreover, Trudeau was angry with the official who disclosed the fraud after the incident -- Wang Zhoudi, mentioned earlier, was the first Canadian attorney general to disclose the fraud and directly handle the case.
Although the case itself still has doubts, but its suspicion is difficult to clear.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly due to his own "shaving pit", and that the biggest "pit" was the "tiger's tail" "boomerang" and "leniency and discipline".
Canada's most authoritative Angus Reid poll data shows that since 2015, the number of respondents supporting Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Despite the equally poor performance of other opposition parties and their party leaders, even a significant number of voters who still want to vote for the federal Liberal Party are now unimpressed with the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, with the new Canadian federal legislative elections about to begin, can Trudeau repeat the drama of his resounding victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Hard.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration, Jingjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened to traffic.
The reporter of Beijing News learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the capital airport is already in a state of oversaturated operation, and the opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports in the same city. It is similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, and Pudong Airport, which mainly serves international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more segmented services by serving the differentiated positioning of different domestic and international aviation services.
Daxing airport navigation, from the perspective of business development, for the capital airport is more positive impact.
In 2018, the passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million, ranking first in the country. However, compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there are still obvious capacity differences, especially the large gap in the demand of international routes.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers, such as travel and business trips, and adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing, which is increasingly open and in line with international standards, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport. It is planned to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and cargo and postal throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and they have sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the perspective of economic accounts, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, ease the tension of Beijing's air transport capacity, speed up the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on the travel of the capital airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes. For example, the longer security time of crossing stations and the slower boarding speed of passengers indirectly increase the time of aircraft and passengers staying at the airport, aggravate the burden of airport operation, and reduce the burden of shipping through the capital airport. In fact, it also improves the travel experience of passengers.
According to the media's calculation of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, if you take Beijing-Kaifeng Expressway directly to Daxing Airport Expressway from the South Fifth Ring, you can get there in 50 minutes by driving. The fuel cost is about 40 yuan round trip and the high speed fee is 15 yuan. Instead, choose the Daxing Airport Line of the CRC Metro. The distance is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Beijing-Xiong Intercity, which is only 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
In general, there are a variety of transportation options for the public to go to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: The positioning of Daxing Airport is the transportation hub of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, so it is a little far from the urban area of Beijing, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates the travel of more people, and is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, Hebei and Tianjin passengers can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line from downtown Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are many expressways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding areas.
Just as passengers from cities such as Dongguan, Foshan and Qingyuan can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via Guangdong-Foshan and Guangzhou-Shenzhen expressways, residents of Langfang and Xiongan New Area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and get convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has not only added several runways and several aircraft, but also has far-reaching impact and positive significance from the level of enterprise competition and consumer experience, as well as from the level of regional aviation integration and the development and integration of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. It not only concerns the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, but also provides diversified choices for the travel of the vast majority of residents of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and promotes the further improvement of the service quality of Beijing's shipping industry, which is more conducive to promoting the integrated development process of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and promoting the economic and trade development of the surrounding areas of Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only calculate the small account of individuals, but also the big account of overall development.
27 Small and Medium Size Board Index Rises 1.46% - Xinhua
Shenzhen (Xinhua), September 27 (reporter Zhao Ruixi) -- The small and medium-sized board index opened higher on September 27 and finally reported a gain of 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46%, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, the transaction value of small and medium-sized boards was 10.8 billion yuan, which is 31.9 billion yuan less than the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded by the small and medium-sized boards on the same day, 668 stocks closed higher, while 15 stocks, including Honggao Creative, closed higher; 222 stocks closed lower and 4 stocks, including Shunwei shares, fell; and 40 stocks, including Zhejiang Weixing Industrial Development, closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum held in Chengtian Hue Province
Nguyen Duc Kien, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain a growth trend.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development in late 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants had an in-depth exchange of views and views on four topics, including the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some outstanding issues in the Vietnamese economy in 2019, outstanding issues in the Vietnamese social culture in 2019, and forecasts and proposals for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that the first few months of 2019 will see a slowdown in global economic growth and an increase in risks and challenges.
Trade frictions between major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund has determined that despite the uncertainty of the global economy, in which 70% of the world's economies are stuck in a state of stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development has made many encouraging achievements. The macroeconomic operation has been stable and inflation has been effectively controlled. In the first half of 2019, the consumer price index grew by an average of 2.64%, the lowest growth rate in nearly three years.
GDP growth of 6.76% in the first half of 2019, although lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, is still relatively high compared with the same period in the 2011-2017 period.
In forecasting the trend of Vietnam's economic development from 2019 to 2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that against the backdrop of the world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy will show a relatively high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macroeconomic situation will remain basically stable, the implementation of various FTAs will promote trade development, economic restructuring and improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened, and Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a declining trend due to the impact of trade frictions.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring and forecasting early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, find opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of agricultural and aquatic products and other commodities.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be kept at a reasonable level, thus promoting the development of auxiliary industries and supporting the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's welfare.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world's second largest economy, China has contributed more than 30% to world economic growth. In particular, China's "Belt and Road Initiative" has led to deepening cooperation between local provinces and municipalities in China and the provinces of Siem Reap and the leading regions.
He said that this year marks the beginning of 61 years of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries enjoy brotherly friendship. The mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
Siem Reap Governor DiSai Ha highly praised the great achievements of New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of their friendly cooperation.
Disaiha expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
Disaiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap and Chinese provinces and cities have been remarkable. So far, friendly city relations have been concluded with 28 Chinese provinces and municipalities. Large-scale cultural and performing arts projects "Wu Ge Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. The Siem Reap - Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Provincial Government Officials Special Training Course, Siem Reap Scholarship for Students to Study in China, Rural Volunteer Clinic, Construction and Reform of Urban Roads, Cataract Rehabilitation Public Welfare Project "Bright Walk" and other cooperation have yielded fruitful results. In the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the Siem Reap people have become direct beneficiaries.
The reception was attended by the State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Ken Van Song, the Chairman of the Siem Reap Council, Ong Heng, the Governor of the five provinces in the region, the Siem Reap branch of the Federation of Khmer Chinese in Cambodia, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, representatives of Chinese-funded enterprises and representatives of foreign leaders in Siem Reap.
Witness Digital China's Ten-Year "Cloud Rise" in Yunzhi Town - Xinhua
If the local website forum of 2009 is taken as the origin, the 2019 Yunzhi Congress held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "in the cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in the past 10 years.
At the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Cell Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" with Ariyun artificial intelligence was recently installed next to the quality inspector.
It is 24 hours without rest, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the quality inspection accuracy rate is stable at more than 95%.
According to the company's director, the "quality inspector" with the camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective battery chips.
This enterprise is just a microcosm of the transformation of cloud computing to help manufacturing industry today.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprises to Go to the Cloud (2018-2020)", which proposed that by 2020, we should strive to achieve a marked increase in the awareness and enthusiasm of enterprises to go to the cloud, and a significant increase in the proportion and depth of application of the cloud.
Wang Jian, founder of AriCloud, said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built bridges and opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element.
At the same time, China's cloud computing industry has been expanding in the past 10 years.
According to the "White Paper on Cloud Computing Development (2019)" released by the China Information and Communication Research Institute in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunzhi Congress, the "urban brain", which has been unveiled for three consecutive years, still attracts attention.
At present, the urban brain has become the urban management center from the means of transportation management, and the related cooperative application has been extended to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithm and powerful computing power, the urban brain enables new urban management service functions such as "parking first, paying later", "real-time perception of the number of visitors" and "tourism route design" to be realized.
In the field of government affairs services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing", and "palmtop office" and "palmtop business" are promoted in coordination. Cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the supply of government affairs services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform for the whole province through the government affairs cloud.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, and collected and managed 3066 categories of 19.08 billion data.
The average number of data calls and shares between Zhejiang provincial government departments has reached 12 million times a month. Every time the data is called on the cloud, it may mean that the masses do less errands.
Use plastic tea bags carefully to make tea!
Recently, a new Canadian study found that a pack of plastic tea bags could release billions or even hundreds of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than a person's estimated annual intake of microplastics, but so far there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans, the Central News Agency reported.
Researchers at the Miguel University in Canada reportedly found that immersing plastic tea bags in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius) would release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano-plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person ingests throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. The researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes before analyzing them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several levels higher than the previous plastic load of other foods."
Most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many brands that use natural fibers to make tea bags still use plastic to seal their mouths, the report said.
Some branded tea bags are no longer made of paper and are instead made of plastic, which the researchers tested.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. The researchers defined these microplastics as ranging in size from 100 nanometers to 5 millimeters. They are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. The microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human faeces samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea packets, the Canadian team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these fleas and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, WHO noted that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the reason for the large amount of plastic particles released by these tea bags may be that the plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when the "edible grade" plastic is heated above 40 degrees Celsius, it may break down or ooze toxic substances.
Mr Guterres said the climate emergency was the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster can erode the development gains of a generation.
The disasters in Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes since the beginning of the year, illustrate this point.
About a quarter of people in small island developing States live five metres or less above sea level.
Relocation could seriously affect their society and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island states are once again leading the world in the right direction as they work together to achieve carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is piling new injustices on top of old ones.
While small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also caught in an accelerating and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act, and now is the time to take big decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration that calls for finding ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risk, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urges international institutions to help small island developing States, especially the heavily indebted middle-income countries, access finance.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of efforts to protect and conserve the planet's lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirms that the oceans have already suffered the "sweeping" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many regions are likely to experience some extreme sea level rise each year that would otherwise occur only once in a century.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island nations are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have taken a huge toll.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
Demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a decline in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds for many island communities.
Small island States also face high transport, energy and infrastructure costs.
They are heavily dependent on a number of external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some States are also grappling with the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, it can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's finance ministry said the financial system was sufficiently liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on May 26 that the financial system is now sufficiently liquid and that India's economic growth rate is expected to recover in the second half of the fiscal year, led by holiday consumer demand.
Sitaraman made the remarks after a meeting with representatives of India's private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Sitaraman did not say what the remarks were about.
Earlier, some Indian and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown of India's economy to the liquidity constraints of non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in auto sales as an example, denying that liquidity constraints were the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in auto sales is mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicted that India's economic growth could recover in the second half of the fiscal year, led by festive spending.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will last until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Education Department of Jiangxi Province recently issued a notice, strictly forbidding primary and secondary schools in the province to illegally make up lessons during the National Day holiday, and will organize personnel to conduct random unannounced visits.
In the Circular on the Strict Prohibition of Illegal Repair Courses for the National Day Long Holiday, the Education Department of Jiangxi Province stressed that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely do so during the National Day holiday period: No students should be organized to take collective remedial classes or take new classes, no subject training courses, special classes, Olympic Games classes, interest classes and improvement classes should be held, and no campus or school buildings should be rented out to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly forbidden for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to take part in illegal remedial classes inside and outside the school, for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to take part in illegal remedial classes in out-of-school training institutions or organized by other teachers, parents and parents' committees, and for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to introduce students' sources and provide relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The circular makes it clear that for the illegal remedial activities of primary and secondary schools that have been verified, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction of points in the assessment of high-quality development education of the county government in that year; and the teachers who participate in the illegal remedial classes will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions of teacher ethics.
Supporting pig production and ensuring market supply
Sui Zhongcheng calls for the implementation of various measures from six aspects
The provincial teleconference on promoting the supply of pig production and guarantee market was held today to mobilize and redeploy the policies and measures of the central government, the provincial committee and the provincial government on supporting pig production and ensuring market supply.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all measures for pig production should be implemented from six aspects.
The mayor of "vegetable basket" is responsible for the implementation of the system. This year, the clear task of 45 million pigs in the province has been broken down into cities and prefectures and incorporated into the accountability system assessment.
We will do a good job in implementing various policies and measures and effectively solve the problem of the "last kilometre" of policy implementation.
We will do a good job in the production and implementation of sows capable of breeding, earnestly implement the policy of subsidies for good breeding of sows capable of breeding, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select and retain excellent sows from commercial pig groups.
We should do a good job in the implementation of investment attraction and take the well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
We will do a good job in implementing the market circulation system, accelerate the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "adjusting pigs" to "adjusting meat".
In order to implement the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should provide basic epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel suitable for the scale of breeding and work tasks, and build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all efforts be made to guarantee the meat market supply, to ensure that there are no large-scale shortages and widespread supply cuts, and to ensure the stable supply of pork market on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of the African swine fever epidemic, the prohibition of fishing and fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River basin of our province, and the purchase of rice in the middle and late stages of the province.
Lecture on the National Conditions of the Ancestors and the National Soul of the Great White Rabbit, etc.
"Me and my motherland" campus card points to make college students "happy not to think of Shu."
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, the Great White Rabbit and the four famous old Shanghai brands gathered at the "Art Party Course" of East China Polytechnic University on the 27th. Four representatives of the old Shanghai brands with an average history of more than 90 years told the story of the motherland and national soul of the old brands for more than 200 young students.
The product exhibition of the old brand on the spot.
The affectionate narration in the classroom made the students sigh that they did not expect that the product exhibition of the old brand was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and that the campus card playing point of "Me and My Motherland" made the college students happy.
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand, White Rabbit Milk Sugar has been actively seeking change in recent years, taking the initiative to attack, insisting on innovation and cross-border.
The White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Company Party branch and deputy general manager, mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in summer, eating drunk shrimp in autumn wind and drunk crab in winter clouds", reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating".
The company also further excavates the brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation and comic book packaging design to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumers.
The representative of the old name tells the road of innovation on the spot of "Art Party Course".
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Fresh Chops New Year Cake Restaurant Co., Ltd., agreed that "all innovation cannot be separated from a solid foundation. Every innovation of the old brand is a process of thick and thin hair.
The expectation of the old name is hidden in everyone's heart.
With the product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin.
As one of the first batch of "old Chinese brands" in China, Shanghai has also quickly adapted to the market trend, upgraded the brand VI vision, introduced professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"Old brands can not only be seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes will ultimately achieve the goal that consumers can see, hear and finally be able to buy.
Shanghai Soap (Group) Company deputy general manager Ouyang Yiling said.
In the future, Shanghai Soap will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and satisfactory users, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old name accompanied my growth and carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood.
Song Tianyuan sighed.
The representative of the old Shanghai brand told the story of the motherland and national soul of the old brand for more than 200 young students.
Zhou Yiting, on the other hand, said that how to excavate the brand culture, so that the high-quality traditional culture can be passed down from generation to generation, is a problem that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
Relying on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Art of East China Polytechnic University, and Professor Ni Chun's "Old Brand Innovation Studio", this Party course hopes to deeply explore the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the old brands, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of the old Shanghai brands, enhance the cultural radiant power of the old Shanghai brands, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "Design + Culture", and show the Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite everyone in literature and history, painting masters, pottery masters, non-heritage masters, architectural masters and landscape masters to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will tell about the innovation and adherence of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideal and belief of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, speak with their works, make their works sound, innovate the form of Party classes, do the thematic Party classes that students like, enhance the ideological, theoretical and affinity and relevance of Party classes, enhance the infectious power of Party classes, and cultivate new people who can take on the great responsibility of national rejuvenation.
Abe recorded a video wishing the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and also said a sentence in Chinese
On the 26th of local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Abe, Prime Minister of Japan: Good evening, everyone, this is Abe.
On behalf of the Government and people of Japan, I would like to extend warm congratulations on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
At the G20 Osaka Summit in June, Japan and China declared the firm will of the G20 to the world by cooperating for the success of the Summit and adopting the Declaration of the G20 Leaders Osaka Summit.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit talks and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi will pay a state visit to Japan next spring, while unanimously determined to open a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the joint efforts of the two countries to address the issues facing the region and the world and make contributions to the international community will be beneficial to the construction of a new model for the future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourish and my friends a prosperous career.
"Some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half of the overage migrant workers.
Where can I find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the construction site.
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been working as an engineering contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented that there are many overage migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
Recently, the university where I work has carried out a rainwater pollution diversion project. There are a lot of migrant workers on campus. If we pay attention to the observation, we will find that there are a lot of overage migrant workers.
The overage migrant workers are not "idle", but because they "cannot be idle" and have the helplessness and hardship of "having to be so" -- whether they save money to solve their old age and medical problems or help their children, they drive these old people who should be "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old age" of overaged migrant workers is not as easy as we thought.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to study, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children start families and businesses, and raising grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks," their money bags have been emptied and even there are many debts. Most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "doing until they can't do it".
Many "post 80", "post 90" and even "post 00" new-generation rural migrant workers are reluctant to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "labor shortage". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for overaged rural migrant workers.
Due to the lack of one-skill skills and the decline of physical function and labor ability, many overage migrant workers are working in jobs with high intensity, low income, high risk and little security.
Being able to do a day is a day, being able to earn a little more is a point. The survival predicament of the overaged migrant workers behind "not being able to idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problem of unpaid wages and wage collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income and improve the living conditions of overaged rural migrant workers, in addition to their "self-redemption", it is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars have pointed out that overaged migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on going home to cultivate land to solve their own problems such as old age and medical care. They must support their families through other means.
To understand the helplessness and toughness of the "can't be idle" of the overaged migrant workers will help us better understand the love and pain of the overaged migrant workers.
Seeing the back of the overaged migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and trying to make them truly realize "old age and support" when they return to the countryside, it is necessary for the public sector, the market and the society to share the responsibility in the benign interaction and need the concerted efforts of many parties.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export such a system in the next five years because "it is necessary to supply its own military first, and export production will not take place after that".
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always secure their own defence needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yury Glekhov, the deputy commander-in-chief of Russia's air force, said the development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by Concern of "Diamond - Antai" air defense.
This is a next-generation air defense system that uses working principles used to destroy ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some data, the S-500 can destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles exceeding five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near-space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems, in particular the S-400 system, which is very important from a defence perspective.
Sergey Chemezov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
The system is in great demand in the world right now, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic, he said.
The S-400 air defense system was commissioned into the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to the news of September 15, the modification of the S-400 air defense missile system by the Arctic Air Defense Corps of the Novaya Zemlya has been completed.
This is not Russian militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
"With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic region has obviously increased," the press service of the Russian Northern Fleet said.
Importantly, the military has assessed that the system has been used successfully in the far north and the Arctic.
The officers and men of the air defense regiment were trained for the new system and prepared to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, it still retains part of it.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying various air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed in the outer altitudes or "leaky fish" approaching protected facilities.
According to open sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system developed by Concern for the "Golden Diamond-Antai" air defense is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second at a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the airspace security of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor - M2DT" air defense missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, which is enough to form an air defense battalion and strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at that time that the Arctic "Thor" force will be expanded to a full brigade structure in the future.
Together with the new S-400 long-range system deployed on the Novaya Zemlya and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir - SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons vigorously defend Russia's polar skies.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to breach this defence.
According to the Russian government's thinking, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place their goods, avoiding the complicated and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
Epinduo, the operator of Russian stores, focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Epinduo has online stores on China's largest trading platforms, including Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ and multifunctional instant messaging software WeChat, as well as its own online platform, Epinduo. Com, and Russian merchandise retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Epinduo to develop store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products enterprises.
Stores are scheduled to open and put products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers on shelves by the end of this year.
According to the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is up to 1 billion per month.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, surpassing $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles will be displayed in the new store.
To be honest, my expectations are higher. Sales of 500 million rubles are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a fairly positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our goods as high quality and green and environmentally friendly products.
The competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying, Kozhevnikov said.
"We have an ambitious target of launching 500 businesses through this store in three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also host the products of Russian enterprises in the Far East region.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian Export Center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Basic Studies at the Plekhanov Russian University of Economics.
"I don't see a lot of highly competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believed that the project would probably not actually be implemented, but would help strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
According to the RIA Novosti, the Russian Export Center President Andrey Slepnyov said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian companies has been published on Alibaba. Com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China and other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely the training program for Russian enterprises by experts from the Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also serve as the organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also serve as a center for holding activities for commercial projects, signing ceremonies for agreements, promotion meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
About 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural exhibition stands, we will definitely hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs," the Russian Export Center press service said.
"This is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure that dozens of dedicated meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the fair will also host master classes, culinary competitions and the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Food" project of famous Russian chefs cooking Russian food tasting.
After the Mohamed Adi Coroner's Court ruled on Friday that the cause of death was not accidental, the police waited for a full report and instructions from the Attorney General's Office before taking the next step.
In a statement on Friday, Dato 'Khuzl of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau said that according to the verdict of the coroner's court, the police will wait for the most further instructions from the Attorney General's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police never terminated the investigation into Mohamud's killing, which is still ongoing.
On the other hand, Selangor Chief Superintendent Noazan said that the police will wait for the full report of the content of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the deputy chief constable of Xuezhou at Selangor police headquarters on Friday morning.
He said the police investigated the case on the basis of relevant reports.
He added that, depending on the progress of the investigation, the police would also decide whether to call the person who had been recorded earlier for questioning again.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Landscape and Forestry that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken the Chang An Street and its routes as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscape of landscaping and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along the Chang An Street have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers decorate the capital and dress up for the National Day holiday.
In the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower beds along the Chang An Street have attracted many tourists to watch and take photos.
These flower beds have a distinct theme. From the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxing Gate, they have gathered the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and demonstrated the happy life of the people.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Landscape and Forestry introduced that this year's green environment layout makes full use of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
The flower bed arrangement uses more than 230 varieties as a whole, including 16 independently bred varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 native plants.
The three chrysanthemum varieties of "cold dew competition", "gorgeous autumn candy" and "gorgeous autumn color", which were independently selected and bred in China, have been applied for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing also recently carried out a comprehensive renovation of the landscape environment of the city's landscaping, planting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flower shrubs and 2.3 million square meters of lawn root flowers.
At the same time, in important areas such as the city's Ring Road, the Chang An Street Extension Line, the Xiang Mountain Memorial Site, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of important tourist attractions, 200 themed flower beds have been set up, 20 million pots (plants) of ground flowers have been planted, 10,000 flower stacks and 5,000 combination containers have been placed, and 15,000 flower boxes have been hung, thus comprehensively upgrading the capital's green environmental landscape.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhua
United Nations (Xinhua), September 26 (reporters Xu Xiaolei and Wang Wen) -- On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "China's Progress Report on Implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" and "Earth's Big Data to Support the Sustainable Development Goals".
"China and the United Nations - Chinese Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
It is pointed out that the promotion of building a community of human destiny proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become the banner of the diplomacy of major powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China has taken a more active and productive stance in participating in international affairs, making greater contributions to world peace and development and shouldering more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The paper introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of UN peace, development and human rights from ten aspects.
Reiterating that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the United Nations to play a central role in international affairs, noting that China's development resonates with the world's development and that the two promote each other, and stressing that in the face of the great changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
The UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action closely follows the nine action areas of the UN Climate Action Summit, and introduces China's policy proposals on international cooperation to combat climate change and the achievements of China's measures to combat climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards addressing climate change as an inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and a responsibility to build a community of human destiny. China will continue to overcome many difficult challenges to its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
The "Progress Report on China's Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" is the second progress report issued by China after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combed China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and demonstrated China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The cases included in the report, such as precise poverty eradication, innovation-led development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and joint construction of the "Belt and Road Initiative", will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 Agenda.
The "Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals Report" showcases China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decisions, reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods to the monitoring and assessment of the Sustainable Development Goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the data and methodology gaps and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association - Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Exhibition will be inaugurated at 6 pm on September 29, 2019 at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
People from all walks of life are welcome to come and guide us.
Famous designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Integrated Design of Macao Polytechnic Institute, and then jointly founded the design company in 2013. After five years of hard work, the company has achieved outstanding achievements. It has won more than 200 awards internationally. Its design business is spread all over the world. Its business spans more than 10 countries and 25 cities.
This time, at the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they exhibited their ingenious design works and shared their entrepreneurial mileage.
On the same day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, we will also exchange views on the design and development of Macao.
The exhibition will run from September 29 to October 10, 2019 and will be open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. on holidays as usual.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Various collectives and individuals of the Laos were awarded the National Medal and Emblem of Viet Nam
According to the decision on the award of the Independence Medal issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21, Viet Nam awarded the Independence Medal to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the National Assembly of Laos, the organs of the National Assembly, the National Assembly Secretariat and other organs, in recognition of their positive contributions to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Viet Nam and Laos.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship.
In accordance with the decision, the State of Viet Nam decided to award 21 Friendship Medals and 17 Friendship Emblems to four collectives and 34 individuals of the National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Secretariat of the Laos, in recognition of their positive contributions to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Viet Nam and Laos.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups in Laos, Vietnam, was formed from a historical process with a long history. The good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relationship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaysone Phomvihane and carefully cultivated by the leaders and people of the two parties and the two countries. It has become a priceless treasure for the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan stressed that under the complicated and changeable circumstances of the world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation of the Vietnamese Laos have been continuously consolidated and developed and are increasingly moving towards deepening and pragmatism.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan stressed that the award of Vietnamese Party and State decorations and emblems to various collectives and former senior leading cadres of the National Assembly of the Laos is a great credit to all comrades by the Party, the state and the people of Viet Nam. She hoped that all comrades would continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and all-round cooperation between Viet Nam and Laos.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan stressed that the Party and the state of Vietnam will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Laos Party and the state, inherit and bring into play the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the National Assembly of Laos, who have been awarded the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship, have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them the honorary award, affirming that it is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes have killed 12 people and caused 805 cases of lung damage in the United States.
26 local time, U. S. health officials said 12 people have died from e-cigarette related diseases across the United States and 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking, the Central News Agency reported.
The U. S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported the numbers and said it had not yet identified the specific substance that caused the disease in question.
However, most patients reported using e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main compound in marijuana that can affect mental state.
The surge in lung cases is understood to be linked to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette nebulizers on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while the 805 confirmed and suspected cases were notified by 46 states and the U. S. Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
The Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products other than tobacco flavor from October, the report said.
When is the next bus coming?
"Internet + Smart Station" lets you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation and Amap announced that the first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Station" in the country will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 electronic screens of public transportation will be lit in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade the level of information services in Nanjing and improve the efficiency of public transportation services and the happiness of the people.
In the past, the anxious scene of waiting for a bus was staged at the bus stop almost every day.
The bus running time is difficult to predict, the bus condition and vehicle location along the route are difficult to know, and the problem of the bus travel pain point needs to be solved urgently. Especially in some big cities, the long commuter road and the complicated traffic conditions during the morning and evening commute rush hours make it difficult to guarantee the bus punctuality rate.
To this end, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation joined hands with Amap to explore the new direction of "Internet + Transportation" convenience service, and launched the first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Station" as an intelligent service project.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + smart station signs" in China landed in Nanjing, integrating AutoNavi big data and Gaode's ETA algorithm for vehicle estimated driving time, and relying on the upgrading of bus electronic station signs and mobile Internet and traffic big data to realize the ability of "bus intelligent station signs + electronic maps" to publish bus routes and bus expected arrival times at both ends.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the expected arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stations are still away from the current station, but also directly grasp the bus conditions along the route through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that all the bus routes through the station can be seen in real time.
Thanks to the technology of "Internet + Smart Station", Nanjing citizens have realized such convenient and efficient bus travel modes as "inquiring about the bus location before going out, mastering the arrival time when waiting for public transportation, and knowing the arrival time when taking public transportation".
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Station", choose the most suitable travel route for you. At the same time, you can do a good job of psychological expectation and reduce the anxiety of waiting for a bus, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace are on display for the first time - Xinhua
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Administration that there are 99 sets of fine cultural relics on display, of which more than 30 are the first time that the Summer Palace has been exhibited to the public, showing the rich collection of palace cultural relics and its traditional cultural connotations.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas, namely, Ruiyu Jijin, Fukuoshu Shouzhi, Qi Gong Extreme Art and Fujian Zenghua. The exhibition displays to the audience cultural relics of jade bronze, ancient books, calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous items and porcelain enamel. The exhibition's instrumental shape and pattern decoration all reflect the theme of "Fukuoshou".
Kui Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration, said that the exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, a large number of cultural relics and a large span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics in the exhibition are national first-class cultural relics and second-class cultural relics. The cultural relics date from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
The exhibition of Zhenggui of the Shang Dynasty, which is more than 3,000 years old, is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic on display for this time; the Qingyu Crouching Bull, with a huge volume and weight of nearly 80 jin, is carved from a whole piece of jade and is well preserved. It is very rare. The wooden bell of the mountain and stone figures' pavilion, the "Nanzhai brocade painting album" and the "Nanzhai brocade calligraphy" are also the first fine cultural relics to be displayed to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Administration, said that the cultural exhibition is in the spirit of making cultural relics "come alive", relying on the idea of "Fukuyama Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and taking the theme of "Fukuoshou" as the carrier, so that visitors can understand the profound Fukuoshou culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, carry forward and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the best wishes of blessing and celebration.
It is reported that the exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Insight: Unswervingly follow our own path
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era", released on the 27th, provides an answer: In the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the CPC, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed it.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a development path that suits it.
Since modern times, in the environment of poverty, weakness and internal and external worries, generations of benevolent and ambitious people have sought and followed the path of national salvation.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system, the presidential system have all been thought of and tried, and the results have not worked."
Only with the Communist Party of China and the new China did the Chinese people gradually open up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road that China has taken is the road of happiness of the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the road of common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is precisely because it is on the right path that China can do its own thing well, become the world's second-largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As the white paper points out, China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and in line with the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright prospects as the times advance.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of the Southern Orange and Northern Fen, and understand that what suits others does not necessarily suit them, but only what suits them is the best.
It is with this road self-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "final conclusion of history" was once famous for a while.
Today, the success of the road to socialism with Chinese characteristics proclaims the end of the "theory of the end of history", the collapse of the "theory of the collapse of China" and the failure of the "theory of the failure of socialism".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strength, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and provided experience and reference for those countries and nationalities in the world that both want to accelerate development and maintain their independence to follow a path that is in line with their own national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suited to their own national conditions.
Instead of "importing" foreign models or "exporting" Chinese models, China will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen governance exchanges with other countries and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
A Foodworks supermarket owner who sacked a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to employ people from Asian backgrounds has been slammed as "shameful" after it was discovered in Fair Work Commission.
The commission said Ms Gail Ayton's boss Jianbin Wang, known as Eddie, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, had treated staff in a "grossly unfair" manner and may have breached anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In the case, Peter Sams, the deputy chairman of the commission, conducted an internet search and found "a number of job advertisements that Mr Wang had placed in various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past."
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
A third post said he was' leaning more towards people overseas (sic) '.
Mr Wang fired Ms Ayton by text message in April this year, later claiming it was due to her absence from work and a small amount of cash allegedly missing from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
But Mr. Sams said Mr. Wang's reasons for firing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacking in evidence.
She missed only one shift in three years, and the "missing amount" totaled a few Australian dollars.
He said Ms Ayton's dismissal had "virtually nothing to do with her behaviour or performance."
He said: "It seems to me that the real motivation for the respondent to fire her, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement published by Mr Wang, was that he preferred to hire staff with an Asian background.
According to Section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's conduct ostensibly constitutes a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant is unlawful. "
Mr Sams said it was inappropriate for Mr Wang to consider reinstating Ms Ayton in light of her "appalling" treatment.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms Ayton, a casual worker earning A $26 an hour.
In light of potential violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said he would submit his ruling and documents to the commission's supervisors to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal law.
He said Mr Wang did not give Ms Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
"I believe that the respondent took an irredeemably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant, and Mr. Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he believed would 'justify' the termination of the applicant's employment," he said.
"He was wrong... the respondent, in dismissing the applicant, showed a complete disregard for giving her any natural justice and, shockingly, his disrespectful and grossly unfair perfunctory behaviour."
Mr. Sams said that while Foodworks is a small business, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer would dismiss an employee in the grossly unfair and perfunctory manner acknowledged in this case."
"It's shameful and it's extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway to Meet National Day Golden Week Passenger Flow, Increasing Passenger Train 175 - ECNS
China News Service, Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Junn, Xu Jing) -- The reporter learned from Guangzhou Rail Group on September 27 that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Railway Group will gradually increase the number of popular direction trains, with an average of 175 additional passenger trains per day during the holiday period, thus comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak period of the National Day Golden Week passenger flow.
Guangzhou Rail Group will take a number of measures to do a good job of passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Railway Station has optimized and reformed the three-story security channel, adding 12 new security channels. After the new renovation, the three-story waiting room has a total of 44 security channels. In addition, in order to unblock the passenger inbound flow line, Guangzhou South Railway Station has added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, totaling 71.
In order to ease the traffic detention and congestion on the north-south road of the South Railway Station, three new parking lots will be opened and 1,000 new parking spaces will be added to the South Railway Station to relieve the pressure of the traffic around the South Railway Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "high-speed rail - subway" inspection - free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the peak period, the Shenzhen North Station A2 exit gate will be connected with the subway, with an exemption channel to facilitate the travel of passengers arriving during the peak period.
In addition, the East-West Plaza will normally set up the U - color Love Express Channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station only 15 minutes before driving.
The Guangzhou-Kowloon passenger section conducts all-staff business training on the eve of the National Day Golden Week to ensure that all the staff members who are responsible for the crew work learn to master the business knowledge, improve the service quality, ensure that the train crew members take good mental outlook and more professional standards of business quality, take good responsibility for each trip and provide better service for the passengers.
6 people deny involvement in the sale of fake Dama Card newspaper raw paper case, referred to the High Court for trial
Six men suspected of forging and selling our passports, newspaper papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the State Name Registration Bureau and a businessman with supervisory rank, were brought to court on Thursday. The local court judge approved the charges of anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in migrants and handed them over to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato 'Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, and Jelutong District Congressman Raelian, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the defendant, that is, no longer become the lawyer representing the defendant, and was approved in court.
He said he had attracted criticism from his political opponents for representing the defendant and that his Action Party had been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to stigmatize the Action Party and the Pakatan Harapan government or other leaders of the League, so the decision was made after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of parliament, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants. So far, the defendant, Li Zhenhua, has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. Facing several charges under Article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act and Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), they all denied their guilt and were not granted bail pending trial by the court.
On Thursday, two local court judges, Nosaha and Mazlan, after the statements of the prosecution and the defence, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges of the anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in migrants ordinance involving the six defendants to the High Court for trial; the charges of forgery will be heard in the local court on October 3, pending the transfer of documents from the prosecution to the defence.
Earlier, the six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Order 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the Motherland -- A sketch of a unit of the Armed Police Force
Jinqiu, in the military parade training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters of officers and men formed a certain party of the armed police force, training is busy.
Shiny bayonets, unique olive green and bright red epaulettes combine to create a bright landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this squadron and felt the determination of the armed police officers and men to always be the loyal guardians of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first".
"The dream shines on the glorious life and writes the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song "Walking with the motherland" written by the officers and men of the square team collectively.
In the squads, this song is the motto of every member of the team.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as the flag bearer of Optimus, has been training to a high standard and strict requirements.
He tied sandbags to practice shaping, stuck a second watch to practice pace, blindfolded to practice stride, against the wind to practice stability.
In his "Optimus Flag career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
A flag-raising ceremony, the rain poured down, and none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
The moment the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt deeply the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulders.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the benchmark soldier to be reviewed.
The standard of action of the base soldier and the Optimus flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang said that although the marching frequency of Optimus flag bearer and benchmark soldier is only 20 steps, more efforts should be made in training.
The base soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the tidiness of the squadron.
After the military parade concentrated on training, he kicked repeatedly every day and practiced some hard kicking.
In the demonstration, his precise stride and pace won applause from officers and men.
In the squadron, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
Soldier Zhu Xudongfang's father participated in the 50th anniversary parade of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the squadron, he suffered setbacks time and again, but was never discouraged.
"To be able to walk through the Tian'anmen Square like my father and be reviewed by the Party and the people is the glory of my life. I would like to suffer anything," he said.
Walking into the honor room of the Fang Team, the eight big words of "Capital Stability Elite Division" came into view.
Wang Qian, the political commissar of the Fang Team, said that all the members of the Fang Team came from the Beijing General Command of the Armed Police -- a unit with a glorious tradition, which has successively undertaken such major tasks as the National Founding Ceremony, the National Day celebrations, the security of the National Congress of the CPC and the maintenance of stability against terrorism in the capital. A large number of British model collectives and individuals, including the "Flag Guard" and the "Hero Squadron of the National Guard", have been cultivated. More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
Reception for Foreign Experts to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China with Han Zheng's Attendance and Speech
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
First of all, Han Zheng, on behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, extended his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the past 40 years of reform and opening-up, the CPC has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to cut through thorns and strive for strength, successfully stepped out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics and ushered in a great leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of the CPC, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, has made overall efforts to promote the overall layout of the "Five Ones", coordinated the promotion of the "Four Overall" strategic layout, and promoted the historic achievements and changes in the cause of the Party and the state. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China in the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups, and also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization, making indelible contributions that the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are working tirelessly for a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in an all-round way, seizing the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to the principle that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most dynamic factor in innovation. China will accelerate the training and training of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, scientific and technological leaders, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause of opening up to the world and learning, and a cause of cooperation with other countries.
China will take a more open and inclusive stance, learn from the people of other countries with an open mind, and resolutely implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start businesses. We welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive and make greater contributions to the building of a community of human destiny and the cause of world peace and development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by veteran foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, responsible comrades from the relevant departments of the central and state organs and the Beijing Municipality, totaling about 1,800 people.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
Kunming (Xinhua), September 27 (reporter Ding Yiquan) -- According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the main shaft of Gauri Gvong tunnel No. 1 of the Dali - Ruili (Darui) Railway, China's first long railway tunnel, was successfully dug to the end on September 27, with a depth of 762.59 meters, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of a domestic railway.
In tunnel construction, shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
"After the successful excavation of the main shaft of Gauri Gvong tunnel No. 1, it will help to promote the construction of the underground vehicle yard, open several working surfaces for the later construction of the main tunnel and the level guide, and speed up the construction progress of the entire Gauri Gvong tunnel," said Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Darui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau.
According to Song Tao, the construction of Gauri Gvong tunnel No. 1 shaft adopts the drilling method and is equipped with large-scale specialized machinery such as drilling derrick, drilling stabilizer, drilling winch, overall moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill and central rotary rock grab machine. The mechanized flow line with "four systems" such as mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system has been formed. The mechanized operation of drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring has been realized, and the construction progress has been greatly accelerated.
It is understood that the Darui Railway, which runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, has a total length of about 331 kilometers and a designed speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
Gauri Gvong tunnel, with a total length of 34.538 km, is the first long railway tunnel in China.
The scene of TV drama "Fox Hunt" reproduces the style of the first line of economic investigation and police
The transnational economic investigation drama "Fox Hunt" was filmed on the spot at Tianjin Airport recently. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Ou filmed and escorted the fugitive economic criminal suspects back to their home countries. The filming process was supported by the China Southern Airlines.
The "Fox Hunt" crew shot the key drama code that can best show the law enforcement achievements of "Fox Hunt" at the airport this time -- the Fox Hunt team members pursued the fugitives back home, took them off the plane, signed the arrest warrant and so on.
The production crew took pictures of the apron, the customs border inspection and the cabin and hatch of the aircraft, and recreated the arduous process and professional style of the Chinese first-line economic investigation police and fox hunting heroes flying in many countries to arrest the fugitive criminals.
In order to complete the shooting successfully, the original team of "Fox Hunt" carried out a lot of preliminary preparation work, repeatedly confirmed each execution detail, ensuring that the most authentic and direct visual effects.
It is reported that the play will also be shot in many places abroad.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity of the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI wave include outlook, realization capability, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Mohsin Pewinne, an expert on the Oliver Wyman organization, said in response to a reporter: "I find it very meaningful to review and evaluate cities like Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam.
Overall, I think the future of Vietnam is very bright against the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right track and doing well.
It is important for Vietnam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote more economic development.
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also threatens to exacerbate social, economic, and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is prepared for the breakthroughs that the AI era will bring.
Guterres said he was happy to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China together here. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress.
You have created one of the world's most dynamic economies and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty -- the biggest poverty reduction achievement in history. "
He said that in realizing the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: Infant and maternal mortality rates have decreased, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted people has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has been halved.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than a thousand Blue Helmets operating in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have been traveling with the rest of the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the Chinese people's struggle, brilliant achievements and contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on sustainable development of the United Nations.
There are stories of national unity, and China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of Tianshan, or in Tibet, on the snow-covered plateau.
Rapid economic development, social peace and stability, the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people in building an ecological civilization. There are stories of peaceful development, stories of developing the "Belt and Road Initiative" and stories of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, the green water Qingshan is Jinshan Silver Mountain.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries, plays a role in resolving hot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the unprecedented changes in the world in a century, China actively upholds the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is youthful, exalted and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our initial heart.
Wang Yi meets with Malawi's Foreign Minister Casella
26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia in the past 12 years, bilateral relations have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is willing to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus reached by the two heads of state and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, so as to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries and that China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest and develop their industries in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day excursions, reflecting the two flourishing tourism supply and demand in China
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming National Day Golden Week!
According to the big data of many tourism platforms, the supply and demand of China's tourism consumption market are flourishing.
The National Day Tourism Report of the Ctrip predicts that, with reference to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists will approach 800 million during the National Day holiday this year; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities have booked products such as group tours, free travel, customized tours and local fun through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the estimates of the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43% year on year.
This year's National Day holiday will not only reach a new high in the number of tourists, but also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday travel.
The Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase from the same period last year. This is due to the fact that tourists generally choose products with better experience, such as high-rated brand hotels, shopping tour groups, fine groups and special bus guides.
Lvmama Tourism reservation data shows a similar trend. The "private group" with comfortable models and less than 10 people is more popular than in previous years.
Spring Tour data shows that its consumers prefer the "easy and slow" approach, which emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
According to the data of flying pigs, the number of tourist bookings in China's cities on the fourth line and below grew the fastest, reaching 30% year on year, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more regions of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of National Day Golden Week tourism this year.
According to the data of the Ctrip, the number of orders for self-driving car rental during the National Day holiday is expected to increase by nearly 60% year on year, and the short-distance self-driving tour to explore the surrounding niche routes continues to be popular; the number of private group applicants has increased by up to 155% year on year.
Sharing happiness has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
According to the data of the Ctrip, 28% of the tourists during the National Day holiday are parents and children, 25% are lovers and 23% are colleagues and friends.
According to the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the previous Golden Week outbound travel growth, the domestic travel market has performed more "eye-catching" this year.
According to the data of Flying Pig, the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes during the National Day holiday this year increased by 42% year on year, and the growth rate exceeded that of outbound travel.
Industry analysis, while the demand is exuberant, all parts of the country promote the supply-side reform of tourism, providing more abundant "cultural and travel feast" for tourists.
For example, the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly released the "2019 National Day Golden Week Sports Tourism Fine Line"; the ongoing 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival launched seven plates of 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate; and near the Golden Week, several provinces, including Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong, introduced ticket price reduction or free measures for scenic spots.
According to the booking data of Ctrip, the destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot" in China. Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live theatrical film, "Now -- Celebrating the 70th birthday of New China", will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
China Media Group will broadcast live the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass procession on the big screen via the 4K Ultra HD signal.
The head of the China Media Group said in Beijing on the 27th that on the National Day, the main station will set up more than 100 machine seats and lay more than 200 audio picking equipment along the Chang An Street and at the high point of the celebration area. Using lens language and simultaneous sound, the full flow, full element 4K ultra high definition and 5.1 surround sound broadcast will be realized for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
China is on track to become Australia's largest beef export market after facing a severe pork shortage following an outbreak of African swine fever, according to a Rabobank animal protein analyst.
Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal proteins in the wake of the outbreak, which has led authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, China's pig population has halved and pork prices have nearly doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at Rabobank China, said demand for other meats, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently imports 27% of the world's pork and 24% of the world's beef.
Ms Pan said Chinese beef imports from Australia increased by 65 percent in the first half of this year, with China overtaking the US and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from its emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party's rule.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the peoples of the world.
The white paper said that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China unswervingly follows its own path, concentrating on doing its own thing, making the country richer and stronger and the people happier, and injecting stability and certainty into a complex and changeable world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always regarded economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly pursued the path of high-quality development, implemented the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, opening up and sharing, and accelerated the construction of a modern economic system to better meet the people's growing needs for a better life.
To let the common people live a good life has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper pointed out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only want a good life for themselves, but also for the people of other countries."
China adheres to development, innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of high-quality development of the Belt and Road Initiative, and promotes the cause of global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper said that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative to strengthen guidance and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified opening-up pattern, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and safeguard and promote economic globalization through practical actions.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening to the outside world will open wider and wider, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the Renminbi.
The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly uphold the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is the basic criterion for China to deal with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference in the internal affairs of other countries by external forces.
China will never impose its will on others and will never allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper said that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It has not only seen the requirements of China's development for the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, and urges the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional set-up and operating mode, better fulfill its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, summarizes the successful practice and experience of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of dealing with the world and the common points of governance concepts in Chinese culture with the current era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese programs and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the open meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
China has never been absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting ships in the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa to strengthen its capacity for peace and security.
The China-UN Peace and Development Fund, announced by President Xi in September 2015, focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development. So far, 34 Africa-related projects have been launched, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk side by side.
World's oldest hairdresser dies at 108 having his hair cut for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, 108, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Kim's World Records in New York, never retired and worked tirelessly to cut his guests' hair every day, but on the 19th Mancinelli died of complications from jaw cancer, saying goodbye to his 96-year haircut.
According to CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old and soon helped clean the floor in a barbershop. When he was 12 years old, he began to take scissors to serve his guests, thereby relieving the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli was in elementary school at the time, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son Robert revealed that his father loved to work and people from all over the world liked him, but although he was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work due to physical factors six weeks before his death, but this was not retirement because he planned to come back to cut his hair when he got better.
Robert, 82, said he now had to find a new hairdresser after his father's death because he had asked him to help cut his hair all his life.
The repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded RMB 100 billion during the year - Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have started to buy back shares frequently in the past two years. Through targeted buybacks and pooled competitive trading, they hope to convey the message that the company's value is undervalued to the market, thus stabilizing the stock price and enhancing investor confidence.
According to the data of East Money Choice, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares in 2017 were 7.9 billion yuan, which jumped to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, which is the highest amount of repurchase funds in the history of A-shares, and far exceeds that of previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the company's share repurchase appears to be the same as that of the major shareholders, but there are great differences in the main body of implementation, the source of funds, the purpose of repurchase and the rights and interests of the stock itself.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Meikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with the Securities Daily that the Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies, issued in November 2018, addressed the problems existing in the current system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complicated decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As the listed companies were encouraged to buy back shares in the previous political policy, the phenomenon of share repurchase increased significantly in that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies". The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of funds for the repurchase of listed companies, appropriately simplified the implementation procedures, guided the improvement of governance arrangements, and encouraged various listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
After the opinion is issued, the listed company carries out the operation of share repurchase, which has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler and the enthusiasm of share repurchase is greater.
Buying back shares at a relatively low position will also help listed companies improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's earnings indicators.
Compared with the increase of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued stock price is the main factor of the repurchase of listed companies. The stock price of the company can no longer reflect the future development prospects of the company. Therefore, such companies deserve investors' attention, but they cannot blindly invest. They need to pay attention to the financial reports and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least show the company's development confidence and capital strength.
The enthusiasm of A-share listed companies for repurchase is gradually rising, which also makes the repurchase behavior normal. The data shows that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
Ping An of China recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has accumulated 5.759 million shares of A shares through centralized competitive trading, accounting for 0.315% of the total capital of the company. The total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction fees). The repurchased shares will all be used for the employee stock ownership plan, including but not limited to the long-term service plan already considered and approved by the shareholders' meeting of the company.
Yili shares have been paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchase, and the use of the repurchased shares has been adjusted in the near future. The original plan changed from "the repurchased shares will all be used as the stock source for the later implementation of equity incentive" to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as the stock source for the implementation of equity incentive, and the remaining 3.049 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce the registered capital".
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares is conducive to further raising the level of earnings per share and effectively improving the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
According to the announcement of the progress of the repurchase issued by TCL Group on September 25, TCL Group has bought back 3.59% of the company's shares, at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The repurchase of shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or to convert convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies, the TCL Group board office told the Securities Daily.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the company's future development and the protection of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the secondary market of the company's shares in the past year, and taking into account the company's operating and financial situation, the company plans to use its own capital, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, former chief economist of Haihai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of listed companies to buy back shares can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares circulating in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important positive for the stock price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to pay out real gold and silver and buy back shares from the stock market for cancellation, which greatly boosts market confidence.
Buybacks of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially for high-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share buybacks. It is also a practice worth affirming and encouraging.
Hu Henghua, the member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and the secretary of the Changsha Municipal Committee, and Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Tsinghua and Liu Feixiang, the four masters of the Hunan Army of Engineering Machinery Manufacturing, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from Engineering Machinery to Intelligent Manufacturing" -- to build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster after three or five years.
To build the world's leading engineering machinery industry cluster in Changsha is, in the current fashionable words, to build "the strongest surface."
As an inland provincial capital city, Changsha called out this heroic words.
It is based on the strength of overbearing side leakage.
The four engineering machinery enterprises participating in the dialogue, all of which are well known, cover the whole fields of heaven, earth, sea and land: Light aircraft of Sunward, concrete conveyor pump of Zhonglian Heavy Industries, all-surface crane of SANY Heavy Industry and tunnel shield machine of iron construction heavy industry. Their "hard power" can be described as unique and proud of the world.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
With the changing times, Chinese enterprises "bring in" and "go out" two-wheel drive, take advantage of the "one belt, one road" initiative, buy, merge, set up factories and other measures, and become the world's leading engineering machinery industry.
Among them, SANY Heavy Industry, Zhonglian Heavy Industries, Iron Construction Heavy Industries, Sunward and other leading engineering machinery enterprises, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, have been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
On the basis of the opportunity to move the current situation control.
The "Four Kingdoms" of the Xiangjun Engineering Machinery is the leader of the Changsha Engineering Machinery Industry Cluster and the head enterprise of the global engineering machinery industry.
In the global industry, who can survive, and live well, is the hard talk.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturers fell down in succession. However, the engineering machinery manufacturers in Changsha regard "Cat Winter" as "Winter Swimming", and put pressure on themselves to make breakthroughs. Through the transformation of industrial structure, the transformation from manufacturing to intelligent construction has not only survived the past, but also strengthened their bodies and bones.
The government and enterprises that rely on the stars and the moon are giving strength to each other.
To develop advantageous industries, it is necessary not only for enterprises to be aggressive, but also for the government to act actively.
The reason why Changsha has the reputation of "engineering machinery capital" is that it has gathered the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, built many related industrial clusters, and greatly reduced the R & D, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology, let the engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises come in droves.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building the world's leading level of engineering machinery.
Whether it is the government, enterprises or even the related industry, research and development links, we should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the target and make sustained efforts to contribute to the building of a strong manufacturing country.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
China stands firmly with its African brothers, past, present and future.
Our initiative to hold this meeting of foreign ministers is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is aimed at strengthening the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council and promoting the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to the vast number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen solidarity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity and strength, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance and govern by development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene the meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China have always been the most trustworthy and reliable partners for each other.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and positive role in African affairs, vigorously promoted the just and reasonable settlement of African issues, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa is faced with the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by addressing security issues can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating our positions and strengthening solidarity and cooperation with China in the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that important consensus was reached at today's meeting.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, the strengthening of the authority and role of the United Nations, the safeguarding of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the rejection of unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council to safeguard the common interests of China and Africa and the developing countries; we all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way and request the United Nations to provide financial support for Africa's independent peace operations; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development and development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of the right to achieve development.
Gansu Qingyang: Lake sheep pack to "get rid of poverty".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
In the professional cooperative of Yimin breeding in Yima Town, 58-year-old villager Xia Weili filled the trough in the sheep pen with the last shovel of grass and kept watch over the edge of the trough to see the white lake sheep chew.
"Eat well, and when the autumn and winter are full of fat, you can sell it at a good price."
Xaveli said that he fed "special nutritious meals" to sheep every day, regularly cleaned, sterilized and disinfected, and meticulously waited for them not to be neglected.
Xia Weili raised sheep for more than 20 years. He didn't know how extensive sheep herding used to be until he came to the cooperative to work.
Xia Wei Li is a native of Xialaochi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are all sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional way of loose breeding. The quality of sheep is poor and the amount of sheep out of the fence is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor families in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xaveli has been working hard on breeding all day, because he always has a strong heart.
The people who take shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. They can expect him to pay dividends and sell them at the end of the year.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became the village's few breeding "good handle".
Yimin aquaculture cooperative is a standardized cooperative, with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed has a lot of doorways inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria. The lake sheep cannot stay in the hot and humid place. The sheep shed must be built on three sides of the ditch. It must also be equipped with a fan to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the epidemic, it is necessary to spray and disinfect the sheep shed regularly and give the sheep three to four vaccination shots in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "little fat sheep" have to eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass and alfalfa, and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch their bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship and substitute breeding, and guides local farmers to put the well-bred lake sheep here, and uniformly raise, manage and sell them, so as to realize the improved, scientific, standardized and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares pay dividends of more than RMB 6,000 per household per year, and four poverty-relief targets with building documents and cards work in cooperatives.
From "Manshan grazing" to "precision feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at body size and touching belly" to "doing B ultrasound one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not only a change in feeding mode. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of once "raising sheep on hillsides and selling sheep in bazaars", overcoming the weakness of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry. The poor days of farmers have become better because of modern sheep breeding.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Livestock Development Co., Ltd. Will buy at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, general adviser of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Livestock Development Co., Ltd., said that enterprises have driven more and more poor households to read the "sheep sutra" by providing loan guarantee, sheep supply, order breeding, quotation purchase and unified processing and sales services for poor households.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" the forage breeding, breeding of improved seeds, large-scale breeding, slaughtering division and marketing of Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral interlaced zone, rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale meat and sheep farms and cooperatives in the city. The number of meat and sheep raised has reached more than 5 million. Two processing production lines with a slaughter scale of 1.3 million meat and sheep have also been built. Sheep are becoming the "leader" of the local industry in poverty alleviation.
French finance minister says tax cuts of more than 100 billion next year and calls on Germany to follow suit
Paris (Reuters), September 26 - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year and that Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive its sluggish economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing initiative has created an opportunity for member governments that can afford it to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and push up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not bring prosperity back to Europe, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs investment, it needs it now, the sooner the better. Don't wait for the situation to get worse before acting," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on several occasions.
France has already implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has given a big boost to France's economic growth.
And the global economy lost momentum, with the export-dependent German economy bearing the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that the tax burden on French households will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate, which will be reduced from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly Euro 1 billion.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, renovation and management and maintenance of martyrs' mausoleums.
In order to thoroughly implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important directives and make great efforts to promote the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the General Work Plan for the Management and Maintenance of the Planning, Construction and Repair of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities.
The Work Program is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, which clearly defines the target tasks for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, and proposes to plan and build martyrs' memorial facilities and improve the red education base system for carrying forward the spirit of the martyrs; repair and protect martyrs' memorial facilities and create a strong social atmosphere for honoring the martyrs and remembering their meritorious deeds; manage and maintain martyrs' memorial facilities and form a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The Work Program clearly states that it is necessary to strengthen the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, earnestly strengthen the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities in accordance with the principle of overall planning and long-term perspective, make great efforts to improve the leadership system mechanism and improve the policy and legal system; organize and implement quality improvement projects, improve facilities and equipment and strengthen service capacity; optimize the contents of the exhibition, create new ways of exhibition and enhance the overall efficiency.
The Work Programme emphasizes the need to improve the system and organizational guarantee, strengthen organizational leadership and establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and broad participation of the society; focus on the implementation of the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the legal and institutional system, and continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the management of the planning and construction of martyrs' memorial facilities; strengthen the construction of teams, introduce volunteer services and encourage veterans, martyrs' families, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the work of explaining and maintaining order of martyrs' memorial facilities; improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to the government-led and diversified input, and actively advocate encouraging enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Study: U. S. National Healthy Eating Index up slightly but still challenging - China News
China News Service, September 27 -- A recent U. S. study showed that the U. S. government's healthy eating index has increased moderately in the past 16 years, from 56 to 58, according to the China Press USA.
But with a full score of 100, it's no cause for celebration.
American citizens still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the study's authors, Dr. Fang Fang Zhang, a nutrition researcher at the Tufts University in Massachusetts, said Americans still eat too much food that can cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, which are the most common diseases in the United States.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on May 24.
The study is based on the findings of a U. S. government health survey of 44,000 adults conducted from 1999 to 2016.
"Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors wrote.
The challenges are known to include getting U. S. nationals to cut down on snacks, hot dogs, fat cows, butter and other foods that contain saturated fat.
The study found that people's daily intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the national diet was the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake was still too high.
Officials believe that the amount of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As for the reason for the decrease in sugar intake, the researchers believe it is related to the decrease of people drinking sweet sodas, but Fang Fang Zhang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
U. S. adults have seen a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain categories.
However, data from 2016 shows that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people consume slightly less salt and drink less fruit juice, which leads to the consumption of low-quality carbohydrates, Fang Fang Zhang said they still account for up to 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on biennial personal health surveys that ask adults to recall what they ate in the last 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
Government-issued dietary guidelines for U. S. residents advise people to adopt "healthy eating patterns" to reduce the likelihood of developing chronic diseases.
The guidelines state that people should eat more nutrient-intensive foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seed foods that can provide protein.
During the study period, the number of Americans with diabetes almost doubled to more than 7%, and obesity rates increased over the years -- about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among U. S. nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Binh, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee and Minister of Economy of the CPC Central Committee, led the delegation to attend the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "The EU and Asia to achieve docking: Building bridges for the future of sustainable development".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy between the two continents of the European Union.
European Commission President Jose Manuel Jean-Claude Juncker said that the strengthening of docking is part of the above proposition, as it brings benefits to the peoples and economies of the countries concerned.
These relations will help bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believed that the EU wanted to convey the message about enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's First Stock Management Subcompany Establishes Technology Enabling Capital Management Business
On the 26th, Everbright Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Everbright Bank, was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary company established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and the establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks is conducive to their use of scientific and technological means to enhance their asset management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively announced that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to set up a financial sub-company.
On September 24, the Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Investment had been officially approved to open for business.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and took the lead in establishing the Everbright Investment in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and enhance customers' sense of access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial science and technology development, further enhance the capacity of the financial industry to apply science and technology, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Investment, said that the management platform of Everbright Financial Management will use intelligent investment, intelligent investment and research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trends from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a specially appointed researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation of the capital management industry, financial technology companies and capital management institutions will jointly explore new growth paths with capital management technology.
The financial technology enabling capital management industry is not only the need of financial technology's own transformation and development, but also will inject new vitality and vitality into the development of capital management business.
At the beginning of this year, JD Digital Technology launched a new capital management technology system to enhance the product development and wind control capability of capital management by means of technology and digitization.
The new system starts from the four capabilities of product design, sales transaction, asset management and risk assessment, and improves the overall intelligent operation level of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service capability and innovating and enriching products, asset management technology can also enhance risk prevention capability and enhance the efficiency of asset management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to deviate from the risk preference of customers by means of questionnaires, but now the use of artificial intelligence for user portraits can help better locate customers and launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, which can help to defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and spatio-temporal data can help us better characterize the activity and landscape of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while defusing risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities.
Record set for deepest shaft in China's railway tunnels
China News, Baoshan, September 27 (Zhang Weiming, Xu Weiguo, Zhou Jingbo) -- After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the excavation of the No. 1 shaft of the Gauri Gvong tunnel of the Dali Ruili Railway under construction was completed on September 27, reaching a depth of 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of a railway tunnel in China, which was set under the condition of massive water inrush.
The 34.5-kilometer Darui Railway Gauri Gvong tunnel is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gauri Gvong Mountains from the west bank of the Nujiang River. It is the longest single tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel crosses 19 fault zones and is buried at a maximum depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that tunnel construction may encounter, Gauri Gvong tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel in Gauri Gvong tunnel, shouldering the important task of increasing the operating surface to realize "long tunnel short drilling" and later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of Gauri Gvong tunnel into the construction of horizontal tunnels. After the excavation of the underground vehicle yard and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces can be added to the shaft to speed up the excavation of the tunnel's main tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation. Because there are more cracks in the granite formation, it can't stop the water. It flows from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure of the well is as great as it is deep."
Si Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Darui Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud inrush and collapse. The builders invited experts to check the pulse on the spot and discussed the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"The maximum water inrush in the shaft is more than 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the shaft, which is more than 700 meters deep, the water pressure is equivalent to the sea floor at a depth of 700 meters."
"If the water is not pumped and drained in time, the well will flood 10 meters in one hour. We spend almost 85% of our time treating water and 15% of our time digging," Si Jingzhao said.
In order to overcome the geological problems such as longitudinal joint development of surrounding rock in shaft No. 1, mud inrush and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts systematic water control measures combining "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed a mechanized pipeline such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system, which has realized the mechanization of the whole process such as drilling, blasting, ballast discharge, template installation and concrete pouring, and accelerated the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
With a total length of 330 kilometers, the Darui Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road Initiative".
When completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from 6 hours on the current highway to 2 hours, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in the Western Yunnan region and play a role in promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly personnel exchanges between China and Southeast Asian countries in South Asia.
Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor: As a Chinese, I am proud of my country's achievements
The Hong Kong press celebrates the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
A reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
In his speech at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong SAR, Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, pointed out that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years are well known to the world and we are all proud to be Chinese.
Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, Lu Xinning, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Song Ru'an, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Aden, Deputy Political Commissar of the People's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, and Jiang Zaizhong, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Preparatory Committee for the National Day Celebration of the Hong Kong Press attended the reception and served as the officiating guests.
In his speech, Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor pointed out that China has made strenuous efforts in the past 70 years. Even though it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome them one by one and achieved achievements that are well known to the world. We are all proud to be Chinese.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, working hand in hand to make progress and share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to exert its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of "one belt, one road" and Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao and Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, Hong Kong society has been in constant dispute. Every Hong Kong person has been affected and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, we hope that our friends in the press will continue to rise to the challenge, uphold professionalism, provide fair and balanced news coverage for the community, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and the return of the community to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang Zaizhong pointed out that the glorious course that New China has gone through is also the course that Hong Kong and the motherland share development, common progress, blood ties, honor and disgrace.
In particular, since the return of Hong Kong to the motherland, the Central Committee has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people govern Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together in harmony, watching and helping each other, and jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit and win-win results and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, Hong Kong has witnessed a series of violent activities that openly violate the law and arbitrarily undermine social stability. Some media outlets have published distorted and false reports, which have contributed to the violent activities.
He called on the media to create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media personnel should abide by the professional norms of journalism, guide citizens to consciously and violently cut their seats with true reports and responsible speech, and safeguard the fairness and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised a glass with the officiating guests to send their wishes for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the publicity department of the Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City" from October 1, focusing on 15 kinds of uncivilized behaviors, such as pedestrians not following traffic signal instructions and throwing objects from buildings, listing key management lists and setting corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of Propaganda of Xining Municipal Committee and Director of the Municipal Civilization Office, said that since Xining City was awarded the title of National Civilization City in 2017, the civilization and moral level of citizens have improved markedly.
However, uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians crossing the street, running red lights and non-motorized vehicles not following traffic lights; throwing objects at high altitude and windows; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing defecation anywhere are still very prominent and easy to rebound, and need to be solved as soon as possible.
In the light of the actual situation in Xining, the Regulations set forth relatively comprehensive and high standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units from the aspects of public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental health, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building civilized campuses, promoting the construction of civilized families, performing official duties, commemorating heroic martyrs and medical services, so as to make the whole society understand "what can be done", "what can be advocated" and "what is prohibited".
"Formulating and issuing regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of civilized behavior cognition, and comprehensively standardizing citizens' behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life and wedding and funeral ritual sweeping will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of mass spiritual civilization in Xining."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary general of the Standing Committee of the Xining People's Congress, said.
Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight - ECNS
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Metro Corporation announced that the extension of the last bus operating dates of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted between September 27 and October 7.
During the delayed operation period, the operation time of Line 1 and Line 2 of the subway will continue until the early morning of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes for a train.
The operation time of Line 1 was extended by 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The last bus departure time of each station along the line was after 00:30 the next day. The inner ring of Line 2 was extended by 81 minutes and the outer ring by 95 minutes. The last bus departure time of each station along the line was after 0:20 the next day. The last bus service of the front gate station was opened at 00:50 the next day.
The departure time of the last bus of Beijing West Railway Station (in the direction of Jiaohua Factory Station) of Line 7 of the subway was extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the departure time of the last bus of Jiaohua Factory Station (in the direction of Beijing West Railway Station) was extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist's car keys fall into lake leaving family stranded in France for five days
A couple in Wales, England, took their two children on holiday to France recently and accidentally dropped their car keys in a lake, forcing the family to wait five days for the new keys prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It is reported that on September 16, local time, the British family was visiting a lake in France when their daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them hours and they couldn't find the keys either.
And all their paraphernalia and cash was locked in the car.
Although the British tourists bought insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a tow truck to pull the car to a garage for storage and then reorder the keys from the automaker.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the keys to the preparation before the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of their car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalizes tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai, May 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas for 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 SAR (about RMB 836).
Visitors must prepare a medical insurance policy covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing visa at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic visa through visa. Visitsaudi. Com.
Among them, the electronic signature is a year of multiple entry, which can allow tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
Saudi Arabia is the most secretive country for ordinary tourists because it never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan, which aims to reduce the long-term dependence of the country's economy on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism are important components of the plan.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko paid a working visit to Tinh Hung Yen, Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, secretary of the Tinh Hung Yen, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xingan Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA Automotive Production and Installation Plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries and will help promote the cooperative relations between Tinh Hung Yen and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of the Tinh Hung Yen Committee, said that Xingan Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises that invest in the province. He hoped that in the future, Belarus will take more vigorous measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xingan Province and Vietnam, and to assist in the training of workers and the transfer of industrial production technology in the province.
Vice Premier Igor Lyashenko expressed gratitude to the Tinh Hung Yen for facilitating the production and operation activities of Belarusian enterprises in the near future.
It is hoped that Tinh Hung Yen will continue to provide facilities for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Vice Premier Igor Lyashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA Automotive Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as the production license of low-risk varieties of food, and decentralization of the handling power of the representative offices of foreign enterprises to the free trade zones
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervisory Authority and the Pudong New Area Government signed a working memorandum and launched 20 market supervision and reform measures, some of which are the first pilot in the country.
According to the introduction, the notification commitment means that the administrative organ, when handling the relevant licensing registration matters, informs the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements stipulated in the laws and regulations at one time.
After the applicant signs the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone in the registration of enterprise names, the processing of food production licenses for simple and low-risk varieties, and the approval of some types of measuring instruments to pilot the notification commitment system in three areas, so as to make it easier for enterprises to enter.
On the 27th, Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Company obtained the Food Production License on the spot by informing the commitment, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and also adopted the "vacancy acceptance" method, that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some materials according to the time limit stipulated in the notification commitment, "effectively feeling the convenience of reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production licenses is the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval process was compressed from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination and approval and certification" to the three links of "registration, acceptance, approval and certification". The completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to the on-site completion.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic outward orientation, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone to facilitate the enterprises to handle the matter nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization involved a total of 1592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, 99 of which have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
National Day Long Holiday Consumption Survey: Choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
A Securities Daily reporter recently launched a small survey on National Day holiday arrangements in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 pieces of feedback received showed that although everyone's plans are different, "travel + consumption" has become the key word of the "XI" holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback obtained by the Securities Daily reporter, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said that "during National Day, he planned to take his family to Shanghai for a visit. Disney is the first stop and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn"; Ms. Li and her family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "A family of three set out on September 28 to plan a 10-day tour around the island"; Ms. Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound tour to Singapore; and Mr. Zhang and his family in Hebei chose a self-driving tour. He said that "his daughter is less than two years old and it is not convenient to go far. She plans to drive herself to Shandong and play at the seaside for a few days".
According to the "2019 National Day Golden Week Residents Travel and Travel Trend Report" jointly released by the Tongcheng-elong and the LY.COM, there is a clear trend of consumption upgrading in the three subsectors of travel, residence and travel during this year's National Day Golden Week.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the proportion of demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the US tour showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and showed a diversified and upgraded trend of "eating, living and playing".
More young people go out in favor of high-quality and distinctive experiences, and the heat of cultural tourism and night tourism continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, various consumer demands were also released centrally during the National Day period.
"The main plan for National Day this year is to buy a car," Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily.
In general, September and October of each year are called the golden period of automobile sales, a staff member of a 4S store of a Beijing auto brand told the Securities Daily.
During the National Day period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, store reduction and so on.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models. It is expected that the new products will have a more obvious effect on sales volume.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people attach more importance to the spiritual level of demand satisfaction, and the proportion of consumption of cultural, educational and other services is constantly increasing.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of her child, the consumption of culture and education has become the largest part of the household consumption expenditure.
This year, National Day is full of people. They have to go to the 'card playing' planetarium and children's theater. Some families went to the Elk Museum on weekends to set up tents and camp. They also arranged some audition experience classes.
According to some insiders, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from subsistence consumption to developmental consumption and enjoyment consumption. A considerable part of the content of enjoyment consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the consumption demand at the spiritual level. Tourism and travel is a good way.
In particular, in time for the long holiday in National Day, people are more willing to travel and spend, which can not only meet the spiritual consumption needs, but also reflect the upgrading of residents' consumption.
The afternoon began to be lonely, and did not want to go out, has not adjusted the children are not around the state.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana: Mom takes you out of the house.
After carefully writing a few things to do when going out, the character characteristics of type A blood are getting stronger and stronger, and I feel very awkward.
Take suits, buy nutritious grains, pay, buy sashimi, nana's snacks.
These are the reasons to go out.
On the phone, I just said to my sister, Ai Rose, thanks to Nana, otherwise I would have no excuse to buy a snack.
There a few perfunctory smiles, said the child came to the phone and hung up.
Nana jumped onto the helper's chair and lay down honestly. She knew she was carsick, panicked and unwilling to accompany me.
Her husband, Boo, rarely came back early.
After admiring the delicious salad of salmon mixed with shea butter, he went to his bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Look at the clock on the wall. It's just 7 o'clock. The sunrise is early. It's already dark.
Friends in the circle are inventing the moon, it turned out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends, left half for Boo, and put the rest in a favorite little flower bowl and took it out to see the moon.
Sitting on the floor with Nana, I ate the grapes, she ate the skins, and I spat the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, the clouds are walking, and the moon suddenly appears. It is a bit dazzling.
There are all kinds of poems about the bright moon surging in my head, but I only like this sentence clearly: Every three or five days, I reunite / Full of the clear light jade fence / One round in the sky before I take it out / the world's ten thousand surnames look up.
Maybe we give the moon too much emotion, for me now, in fact, that God to God, Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The moon is back to the moon, the mood is your own.
After eating the grapes, the cold moon is chilly.
With a slight snore at her feet, Nana stood up and spread Nana's little blanket over the edge of her little house, on which Nana lay cheerfully.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water ready?
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom light and open the glass.
No mooncakes, no alcohol.
The mascot will be released at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The mascot launch ceremony of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot is made up of six cartoon characters, including two Emirati children, three flying robots and an Emirati tree.
The conference introduced the information of six mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifa, an 8-year-old girl, are brother and sister, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
Three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo, with blue robots representing "mobility", green robots representing "sustainability" and yellow robots representing "opportunity".
An ancient shepherd bean tree, named "Salama," is the "old grandmother" of five "little ones," symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai Expo High Committee, said that mascots can strengthen the emotional connection between large events and participants. "We believe that the mascots of Dubai Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, showcase the creativity of local talent and express our ambitions and expectations," he said.
The launch ceremony was attended by the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Muhammad of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, the Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and the Director of the Dubai Expo Bureau, Rym Hashemi.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021 under the theme "Communication of ideas, creating the future".
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East region.
Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate degree with college entrance examination results starting next year
Recently, the Anabin database of Germany, which is responsible for the assessment and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website: Starting from 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply for the German university undergraduate directly on the basis of their college entrance examination results, and do not need to register at domestic universities first.
Before that, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate) at home and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The new rules may save at least half a year for Chinese students willing to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulation will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants must meet the following requirements: Complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; take the college entrance examination and college entrance examination, and achieve 70% or more of the total score (525 or more if the total score is 750), and include two language scores and one mathematics or natural science score.
In addition, specific majors have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, to apply for a major in pharmacy, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the college entrance examination scores must reach 80% of the full marks, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or take part in the science ensemble; to apply for a law major, the college entrance examination scores must reach 80% of the full marks, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history, geography, or take part in the literature ensemble.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia, have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking the UK as an example, universities such as the University of Cambridge, ther University of Birmingham and the University of Leicester all accept Chinese students to apply for study on the basis of their college entrance examination results.
Military "Machine Dogs" take acting lessons first Sun Theatre Company: Consider being included in the performance lineup.
The US military has funded the development of "robot dogs" for the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which is developing the robot, to discuss the feasibility of applying the robot to circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics announced the promotional video of "Spot, a four-legged robot" on the 24th, which shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot with a weight of 14 kg, with highly adaptable off-road terrain mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specially developed for Spot only, which allows users to set their own Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the concept of the robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but it has not yet been put into commercial use.
However, Boston Dynamics pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the production phase, and the order is mainly made by construction and energy industry.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with the Boston Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said the project is still in the conception stage and is evaluating the potential of Spot to be used in the performance scene.
State Council Information Office Releases White Paper on "China and the World in a New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council issued the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Ministry of Propaganda and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development trend around such issues as "where China comes from and where it goes", "what kind of world China promotes to build" and "how a developing China can get along with the world", and expounds China's relations with the world in depth so as to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that in the past 70 years, under the leadership of the CPC, China has undergone profound changes and created a development miracle unprecedented in human history. In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the CPC, China's development has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, great significance and world contributions of China's development in the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that in a few decades, China has gone through the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years. The total economic volume has jumped to the second place in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have been freed from material shortages, and have generally reached a moderately prosperous level, enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper stressed that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made a new world by starting from scratch, self-reliance and hard work; in the past 70 years, China has developed in its contacts and interactions with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world; and in the past 70 years, while realizing self-development, China has made contributions to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development in the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the CPC, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed it.
The white paper stressed that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road of seeking common development in opening up and a road of comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and in line with the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright prospects as the times advance.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper stressed that it is not only the dream of the Chinese people but also the common dream of the people of all countries to realize national prosperity and strength, national rejuvenation and people's happiness.
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. Opening up to the outside world in an all-round way creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods for the international community. China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "national strength and hegemony".
Faced with the question of "what happened to the world and what happened to mankind", the white paper pointed out that the world today is undergoing a great change that has not occurred in a century. Human society is full of both hope and challenge.
China has proposed to build a community of human destiny, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation and joint construction and sharing, and providing a new choice for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations at its core, promote exchanges and mutual learning among civilizations, and jointly promote the building of a community of human destiny and a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper pointed out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to win-win cooperation and common development, persisted in maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developed global partnership, firmly supported multilateralism, maintained international fairness and justice, promoted the joint construction of the "Belt and Road Initiative" for high-quality development, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper pointed out that in the new era, China's determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, its determination to learn from each other and cooperate for win-win results with other countries will not change, and its determination to work hand in hand with the rest of the world will not change.
The white paper concludes that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been more closely linked.
The white paper, "China and the World in a New Era", consists of a preface, text and concluding remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Western, Arabic and Japanese. It is published by the People's Publishing House and the Foreign Language Publishing House respectively and distributed in Xinhua Bookstore nationwide.
Will the Malaysian Chinese Association stand in the by-election for the parliamentary seat of the Tanjung Piai in Johor?
Datuk Seri Wee Ka Siong, President of the Malaysia Chinese Association : "Discussion at the Supreme Council of the BN!"
With the Tanjung Piai by-election just around the corner, it is a matter of concern whether the Malaysian Chinese Association of the BN member party will take the traditional seat.
However, after a meeting of the Central Committee of the Chinese Association of Malaysia, it was announced that it would be left to the BN Supreme Council to decide whether the traditional seat of the Malaysia Chinese Association would continue to be held by the Malaysia Chinese Association or replaced by other member parties.
After chairing a meeting of the Central Committee of the Malaysian Chinese Association on Thursday afternoon, Wee Ka Siong told the media that any by-election would be conducted by the BN in accordance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), that is, it would need to go through a meeting of the BN Supreme Council before a final decision could be made.
He said that since the Election Commission will not meet until next Monday (1) to finalize the by-election for the Tanjung Piai seat, the meeting of the BN Supreme Council is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday morning (26), I also met with BN President Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Pakatan Harapan."
"We have finalized the convening of a special meeting of BN leaders in early October, and the leaders of the three BN parties will determine which member party will take the lead."
Asked whether the MCA would adhere to the traditional seat of the BN Supreme Council, Wee Ka Siong reiterated that as the president of the MCA, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures and therefore any decision must be agreed upon by the BN.
"It is a common thing in any by-election that someone is willing to go out and there are political parties and parties that think they should come out."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a big test of the political alliance that we have formed over the years. We believe that the BN is carrying some valuable values along the way."
"It's not surprising that someone might say something in the process."
"But once the BN Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone must make every effort to prepare for the war. That is the most valuable thing."
In any case, Wee Ka Siong said that the Malaysian Chinese Association will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung Piai by-election at three levels, namely the District Council, the State Joint Committee and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by the Chairman of the (Tanjung Piai) District Council, Mr Datuk Seri Wong Il-sung; the State Joint Committee will be led by the Acting Chairman of the Johor Joint Committee, Mr Nathaniel Lam Pei-hing; and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by the Acting President, Mr Nathaniel Ma Hanshun, and the General Secretary, Mr Nathaniel Zhang Shengwen."
On Saturday (21), Dato 'Mohamad Ferry, a member of the Tanjung Piai Congress of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of heart problems at the Pei Chun Government Hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was ordered to "patrol the mountains on a voluntary basis"
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting and catching wild animals and ordered to pay compensation of 15,420 yuan (RMB, same as below) for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ has used alternative labor to compensate the ecological restoration costs, thus realizing the organic unification of legal effect and social effect.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy chief procurator of Baokang County Procuratorate, said on May 27 that through three months of "compulsory mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou had established deep feelings with wild macaques and deeply blamed himself for the previous animal hunting behavior.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was tried publicly in the county court and sentenced in court.
The defendant, Zhou, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, suspended for four years, and fined 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the costs of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou started to set up a power grid at the cliff in late January 2014, and successively hunted more than 20 wild animals, including zebra, suede and woolly deer.
The zebra belongs to the national level II endangered wildlife protection, and the small suede and woolly deer are listed in the National Land Wildlife Protection List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: That is, Zhou provided public welfare labor to offset the ecological restoration costs by carrying out the work of macaque domestication and management, compulsory mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaque reserve for one year.
The court accepted the prosecutor's suggestion and agreed that Zhou should carry out the suspended sentence while actively fulfilling the obligation of "compensating ecological restoration costs for alternative labor."
At present, Zhou has been working in the macaque reserve for 3 months, actively patrolling the mountains and performing well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has integrated procuratorial functions and social governance behaviors in practice, scientifically applied procuratorial suggestions, investigation supervision and litigation supervision, and minimized the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment by judicial means.
UN awards "Earth Defender Award" for "Ant Forest"
To warm applause and grand music, "Ant Forest" project director Xu Fidi and user representative Shen Junliang took the podium to receive the 2019 United Nations "Earth Defender Award" trophy from the host.
The "Ant Forest" project, which uses mobile phone programs to bring hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental action, won the "Inspiration and Action Award" award at the 2019 "Earth Defender Award" ceremony held in New York, USA on May 26.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners at its headquarters in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, but those who attended the ceremony that day could not hide their excitement.
Inge Andersen, executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme, told Xinhua that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that has brought hundreds of millions of people into action to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humans can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" and "plant trees" in their mobile phones through low-carbon actions such as recording their daily green travel in "Ant Forest" and paying utility bills online.
For every virtual tree a user develops, "Ant Forest" and pro bono partners plant a real tree in a desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users have accumulated 7.92 million tons of carbon reduction and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Earth Defender Award" presented on the same day, Costa Rica was awarded for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene. "It is impressive to be able to inspire so many people to participate in green action."
Jing Xiandong, chairman and CEO of Ant Financial, said the Earth Defender Award is an affirmation of the Ant Forest project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon living, and this honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that "ant forests" have affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of "ant forests" in the next three years is to bring 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income more from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through tree planting, we hope to help farmers realize income increase through agricultural product development projects, e-commerce platforms and so on.
The public welfare environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also been successfully put to sea and has been used for reference by other countries.
In June, GCash, the largest "e-wallet" in the Philippines, launched a Filipino version of "Ant Forest," encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to the report, GCash will work with the Philippine Department of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental public welfare organizations to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The Champions of the Earth Award is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection and is awarded annually.
The "Ant Forest" award is the third consecutive year that a green innovation project from China has won the "Inspiration and Action Award" award, following the "Thousand Villages Demonstration and 10,000 Villages Rehabilitation" project of China's Saihanba Forest Farm Builder and China's Zhejiang Province.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The US economic "report card" for the second quarter of this year showed that the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed markedly from the previous quarter, influenced by the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty caused by them were the main reasons for the decline of private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the Commerce Department on May 26 showed that the U. S. GDP grew at an annualized rate of 2% in the second quarter, which is the same as the revised data previously released, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data showed that consumption growth became the main factor supporting the U. S. economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total U. S. economy, increased by 4.6% in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment led to economic growth of 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell by 5.7% from the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knape, managing partner of Ironside Macroeconomic Consulting, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the momentum of last year's growth, but also fell sharply because of the impact of economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty on business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, U. S. corporate capital expenditure is expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has formed a strong support for the U. S. economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the U. S. consumption outlook.
In a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the U. S. economy, the highest proportion in a year and a half, said Richard Curtin, the survey leader and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan.
For the future of the U. S. economy, analysts generally believe that the U. S. economy will continue to slow down.
But some experts said that if economic and trade frictions were eased, the performance of both the U. S. industrial sector and financial markets would improve.
Karyn Birch, a global economist at the British Economist think tank, predicted that in the future, the U. S. economy will continue its gradual downward trend since the beginning of this year, with the growth rate falling to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, predicted that the U. S. economy will grow at a rate of 2.3% this year and slow further to 1.6% next year, assuming that economic and trade frictions do not continue to escalate.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the industrial sector will perform much better than now.
Matt May, an equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Assets Management Corporation, said that economic and trade frictions remain the "primary issue" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the U. S. capital market this year. Whether the economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to affect the direction of the U. S. capital market for the rest of the year.
Ningxia pioneers joint parental leave for couples, allowing parents of children aged 0 to 3 to take 10 days a year
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is the embodiment of respecting and safeguarding human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Burmese Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were approved by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated at the provincial level in Ningxia to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women. It will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia in 2007 and are divided into nine chapters and 65 articles, including general principles, political rights, cultural and educational rights and interests, labour and social security rights and interests, property rights and interests, personal rights, marital and family rights and interests, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for couples, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Children under the Age of 3" issued by the General Office of the State Council has relevant descriptions for couples to jointly raise children.
In the process of revising the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed to "encourage employers to give 10 days of joint parental leave each year to couples who have children in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations during the period from zero to three years of age".
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the current compilation of personality rights in the Civil Code of China, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment and the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the frequent occurrence of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, thus becoming a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, providing solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, in response to the social hot issue of gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest practical experience of joint interviews to strengthen the punishment of gender discrimination violations and more vigorously safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, in conjunction with the Public Prosecutions and Law Department and civil affairs departments, has promoted and introduced social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marital and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence work, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and promote this, encouraging the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and requiring people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and systematic protection and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia XingUNITA Yuan Longping Academician Station Salt and Alkali Resistant Rice Yield Break Thousand jin
The reporter learned from the administrative office of XingUNITA in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that the good news came from the "on-site inspection and evaluation meeting of saline and alkali tolerant rice at the workstation of academician Yuan Longping of XingUNITA" held recently in the alliance. The average yield of saline and alkali tolerant rice per mu exceeded 1,000 jin.
A production measurement expert group composed of six experts from the Agriculture and Rural Affairs Department of Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, the Yangzhou University and Hunan Province sampled and harvested the "Xing Salt Series" rice on the spot.
After expert assessment, the average yield of salt-tolerant rice per mu reached 508.8 kg on land with PH values of 8.8 to 9.6 and salinity content of 5 to 6.
"Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, so as to cultivate and optimize saline and alkali tolerant rice varieties again, so as to make the quality better and yield higher," said Wang Shigang, executive station director of the workstation of academician Yuan Longping of XingUNITA.
"On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that the scientific and technological breakthrough will continue to be strengthened, and salt-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline and alkaline land," said Lai Yongcai, head of the production measurement expert group and vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences.
XingUNITA is a concentrated area of special hardship in the southern foothills of the Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, the workstation of academician Yuan Longping was unveiled in XingUNITA.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and popularization of the newly cultivated "saline and alkali tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, build a 960 mu saline and alkali tolerant rice base in the right wing of the Horqin Central Banner, adopt the technical route of testing and demonstration while popularizing, and help the local poor to increase production and income and get rid of poverty and become rich.
The field yield measurement of saline and alkaline tolerant rice not only injects hope for the upgrading of the middle and low yield fields of XingUNITA saline and alkaline to medium and high yield fields, but also provides scientific basis for the cultivation of saline and alkaline rice under the same conditions in China.
After a marathon debate and weeks of protests, Australia's New South Wales state passed an abortion legalization bill on September 26, local time, the Australian New Express Daily reported.
The bill is understood to have sparked political debate in the past eight weeks, with the Australian Liberal Party deeply divided since the introduction of the bill was announced by independent MP Greenwich.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian New South Wales Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the New South Wales Senate, the report said.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the NSW House of Representatives, abortion was legalised in NSW.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks and also allows a woman to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment that allows doctors to seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing an abortion on a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendments passed by the Senate include that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive a termination.
Previously, NSW Premier Berejiklian had faced public criticism from conservatives over the bill. Berejiklian stepped in several times to get more debate time for the bill, but she was not present for the final vote.
"I need to spend time running the whole of NSW," Berejiklian said, defending his absentee ballot.
Australian Liberal MP Davis is understood to have been the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, threatening to quit the NSW government over the bill and calling it a "government crisis."
But then, Davis backed down.
"The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more guarantees for women and doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, Barillaro, the leader of Australia's New South Wales National Party, said he was proud to be part of the government that legalised abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for NSW, it legalises abortion, it decriminalises abortion and it doesn't treat women who have abortions as criminals."
Sany Group Major Projects Settled in Zhuzhou
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, we will focus on the development of petroleum intelligent equipment and intelligent iron and steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and the Sany Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group has invested 15 billion yuan in the development of smart iron and steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional R & D center (headquarters base), engineering machinery used car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou, with an estimated annual combined output value of more than 200 billion yuan.
The site of the Trinity Intelligent Iron and Steel Industry Project with a total investment of 10 billion yuan will be selected as the largest iron and steel and product trading center in the province and even in the central region. It will also be the intelligent manufacturing and processing center for metal structural parts in Sany Group. The project of the Petroleum Intelligent Equipment and Regional Research and Development Center (Headquarters Base) with a total investment of 5 billion yuan will be located in the Qingshui Reservoir. The focus will be on the construction of the petroleum intelligent equipment production base and the establishment of a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Sany Group will also build the second-hand vehicle market of engineering machinery in the Automobile Expo Park of Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in intelligent manufacturing and other fields.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with Sany Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 Project" for the city to attract investment this year. Mao Tengfei, the secretary of the municipal committee, and Yang Weiguo, the mayor, took the lead in setting up a special coordination group to efficiently connect and promote the project at a high level, providing high-quality and efficient services for the development of Zhuzhou, Sany Group Province, throughout the process. From the intended contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, it was less than 100 days before and after.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state capital to enrich the social security fund.
So far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital transferred, said Liu Kun, Minister of Finance on May 27.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national meeting on the task deployment of transferring part of state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the SASAC on the same day.
"Transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic endowment insurance system, a full reflection of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises shared by the whole people and the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system, and a policy measure based on the current situation and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Partial State-owned Capital to Enrichment the Social Security Fund, requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the work in the early stage of transfer has achieved positive results.
At the central level, a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred in three batches, bringing the total amount of state-owned capital transferred to about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions in which the Ministry of Finance performs the functions of funders has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work of enterprises has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, transferring 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan of state-owned capital respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also successively carried out the preliminary preparation work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the implementation of the transfer in the next step.
According to a notice issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, the transfer of some state-owned capital by the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully rolled out in 2019 and basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made concrete arrangements for the full roll-out of the transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work time is tight and the task is heavy.
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should meticulously organize and make meticulous arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed according to the requirements; firmly promote the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; and strengthen communication and coordination to solve the difficult problems in a timely manner.
Transfer of state funds to enrich social security funds -- From the starting point of "enriching the money bag of social security funds", the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources, the SASAC, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC jointly issued the Circular on the Overall Promotion of the Transfer of Partial State-owned Capital to Enrichment the Work of Social Security Funds, clarifying the timetable for the transfer of State-owned capital to social security funds, that is, the transfer of some State-owned capital by the central and local governments to enrich social security funds will be fully rolled out in 2019.
After the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments also implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of the shares held by ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund, with the total value of the two shares transferred exceeding RMB 115 billion.
According to the regulations, the social security foundation and other undertakers, as financial investors, enjoy the rights of income, disposal and information transferred to state-owned equity.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that the change of equity will not lead to changes in the bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that similar state-owned enterprise equity transfer is not a simple change of equity ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of the "addition operation."
The "addition result" of the first step of transferring some state-owned capital to social security can naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people and the sharing of development achievements by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, SOEs, especially the central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises are to continuously achieve excellence and become bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to push forward the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the work of social security funds in an all-round way this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that, in conjunction with relevant departments and in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, it will do a good job in comprehensively pushing forward the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system and the sharing of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises among the whole people.
The second step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure. However, most of the state-owned funds that have been transferred have the ability of continuous profit and dividend, which can not only effectively supplement the social security funds, but also provide the source of living water for the social security funds.
Some estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the contribution ratio of enterprises' basic endowment insurance can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "addition result", is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The transfer of the main body to obtain income is "dividend - based, operation as a supplement".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund is really focused on obtaining equity dividend income.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has a strong ability of capital operation.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help to raise the level of business operation of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, the social security fund, as an investment vane, is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and acting as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to make rational investment and value investment.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to HMT Leipzig at the age of 18, followed by Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of works not published in Germany, and then even stopped writing.
In 1933, he composed the symphony Miserae and dedicated the work to "my long-dormant friends".
In 1935, the symphony had its premiere in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
Afterwards, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under the Nazis.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto when the manuscript of the piece was stolen out of Germany for its premiere in Switzerland.
Listen to Camerata Burn's 2018 Funeral Concerto at the Beethoven Festival.
U. S. Senate approves Scalia as labor secretary - Xinhua
Washington D.C. (Xinhua), September 26 (reporters Sun Ding and Deng Xianlai) -- The U. S. Senate voted on September 26 to approve President Donald Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as labor secretary.
The vote was 53-44, with no Democrats voting for Scalia.
Republicans argue that Scalia's track record makes him a good fit to serve as labor secretary.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long been on the opposite side of workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then the labor secretary, announced his resignation in July under intense public pressure after being accused of giving "leniency" to Geoffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a prominent U. S. law firm whose father was the late United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is a cabinet-level department of the U. S. federal government that is responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement the same day that Trump had nominated acting FEMA Director Peter Gaynor to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
FEMA, which is part of the U. S. Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters and terrorist attacks in the United States and their follow-up.
Since the first appearance of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a major military parade is organized, a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces will appear.
"This National Day parade is the first appearance of the Rocket Army in Chang An Street after the change from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Armament Squadron, said.
The missile units under review fully carry forward the spirit of being especially capable of suffering, fighting and giving special dedication, and carry out rigorous training and scientific group training. The whole process of military parade training embodies three major characteristics, showing a good image of the strategic military services and paying more attention to the strict style of work.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers have strict standards and requirements, forging a strong style of conduct and prohibition.
They also paid attention to carrying forward the craftsman spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance and style of work, and formed the characteristics of "military posture, fast movement and bright answers". They constantly built a phalanx of majestic missiles with a rigorous style, paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic military service, Rocket Force is a fine tradition and advantage to speak of science and technology and emphasize innovation.
On the basis of the experience gained in the past, they broke the thinking pattern, broke through the traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefits, so as to ensure that the combination of people and vehicles is not bad, the movement of squads is not bad in minutes, and the actual combat standards are more docked.
The troops under review of the Rocket Army adhere to the same standard and higher requirements of the parade site and the launch site, keep a close eye on each gate and every detail, so that the troops under review can withstand the hardening and hammering, and truly make the National Day Parade a training ground and examination hall for enhancing the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend implementation of Iran nuclear deal
China News Service, September 27 -- According to the Central News Agency, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency said on September 26 that Iran has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement by using advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, keeping its enriched uranium stockpile below 300 kg and enriching uranium to a purity of no more than 3.67%, and has now made further moves.
Under the nuclear deal, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in the Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but not to produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in building a nuclear bomb.
"On September 25, the IAEA has confirmed that Iran's advanced centrifuges for the development of models 2 and 3... are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium," the report said.
The UN International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to member states on the 26th, and a diplomatic official responded, "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Association of Vietnamese and Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Vietnamese and Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs, said that VKBIA will work together to serve as a bridge to strengthen the relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries aim to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step to achieve the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnam Pary, government and relevant functional agencies of Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, Vietnam's deputy ambassador to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas. The aim is to expand the space for investment cooperation and mutual help to make more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economic cause, and to promote the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the unveiling ceremony, VKBIA representatives signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farmers and Agribusiness Association.
VKBIA coincides with the commemoration of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership of cooperation between Vietnam and the ROK, and is born against the background that the two countries are strengthening practical cooperative relations in the fields of foreign affairs, defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation and aiming to achieve the goal of two-way trade volume of US $100 billion by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, the education minister in the cabinet of the new Italian government and a member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to the parliament recommending that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and airline tickets with high sugar content.
It is reported that according to the motion of the bill proposed by Education Minister Fioramonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on sugary drinks, snacks and other food products that are harmful to health; at the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on air tickets, one euro on domestic flights and 1.5 euros on international flights.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
The money from the tax will be available for education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Antonio Conte said he thought it was a feasible solution, while Italian MP, European MP and League leader Silvio Salvini tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to quickly hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sweets because the new government is going to start imposing a snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to the imposition of a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The introduction of the tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
China News Service, Ottawa, September 26 (reporter Yu Ruidong) -- The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the firm leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the joint efforts of the whole nation, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made remarkable achievements, which have not only profoundly changed the face of China and benefited its own people, but also produced far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and made important contributions to the promotion of world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as the core. China is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, benefiting people from all over the world.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years has shown that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward on the right track.
Conversely, the relationship between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations are encountering serious difficulties, and the responsibility does not lie with China.
"The bell must be rung".
It is hoped that the Canadian side will come up with a proper solution to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for the bilateral relations to get back on track.
More than 700 people attended the reception, including Canadian government officials, U. S. senators, friendly people from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students.
Diplomats from the Chinese Embassy in Canada, including Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun, attended the reception.
A photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held at the reception site, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were shown.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive artistic and artistic programs.
It is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has made an appearance at a public event since taking office.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and delivered a copy of his credentials to Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Chief of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the following day.
Born in May 1967, Cong Peiwu graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was stationed at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this mission to Canada, he served as the Director of the Department of North America and Oceania of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China. He was previously the Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Vietnam's Hanoi City strives to expand cooperative ties with various parts of Laos
Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung recalled the meaningful exchange of visits between delegations of the two sides and affirmed that these activities will help cultivate the special friendly relations between President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaysone Phomvihane.
Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung hoped that Ambassador Tonshavan would continue to serve as a good bridge and link between Hanoi and the rest of the Laos, including Vietiane.
Ambassador Tonshavan said that Laos learns from Vietnam's many successful experiences and is impressed by the breakthrough development made by Hanoi City and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tonshavan expressed his gratitude to the Laos Municipal Government for its strong support and assistance to the activities of the Hanoi Embassy in Vietnam and believed that despite the fluctuation of the global situation, the relations between Vietnam and Laos will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to pay a working visit to Vietiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, the city will offer a number of scholarships to Laos college students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Henan.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission in ASEAN hosted a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN hosted a reception in Djakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Land and Spatial Planning Minister Soghoian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kung Phoak and other guests attended the reception.
Friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, ASEAN missions and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, and more than 1,000 young people, including the "Me and China" theme children's painting winners, attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao Qian, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Mission, said that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era of Chinese history.
From closure and backwardness to opening-up and progress, from lack of food and clothing to overall well-being, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength, the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from rising up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress. Political trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has been continuously promoted, exchanges in various fields have been comprehensively expanded, and the China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has been moving steadily and far.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded in quality. We have always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoted regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the CPC, have pioneered and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a great contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a path of a powerful country that is feasible, right and well followed.
The picture shows the "Theme Tour to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao said that China, together with Indonesia and ASEAN, will always work together to promote the building of a new type of international relations and the building of a community of human destiny, making new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the glorious achievements of New China in the past 70 years and reflecting the China-Indonesia and China-ASEAN relations.
The video, divided into three parts, "China's development achievements are brilliant", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far away" and "China-ASEAN relations are upgraded in quality", won warm applause from the whole audience.
A "Theme Tour to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged at the reception site, attracting guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi fleet opens for trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha, self-driving taxi fleet Robotaxi trial operation officially opened.
The first batch of 45 "Hongqi EV" Robotaxi fleet, jointly developed by Apollo and FAW-Hongqi, began trial operation on the open test section of the Changsha section.
From now on, ordinary citizens can log on to the Apollo website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to try out the experience.
An experiential passenger said he sat in the back of the vehicle and clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat, opening the vehicle's self-driving journey with one click.
In the vehicle, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the pilot operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driver's seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the course of driving, the vehicle can make intelligent diversion according to the road conditions. It can also judge the driving condition of the surrounding vehicles and make automatic concession to the situation such as overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen displays the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, it can see the traffic light change and waiting time in advance. All the traffic conditions are clear at a glance.
Driverless has heard about it on TV before and thought it was far away, but it feels amazing to find it in our lives today.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses from the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road, which passes through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yang Lake, Dawang Mountain and Hi-tech Zone, has a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently the longest road mileage and largest area in China, covering the most complex scene and the most advanced intelligent driving demonstration area with the most advanced vehicle and road coordination infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi team will have covered about 50 km of the pilot road in Changsha and 135 km of the road currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Women's Volleyball Winner Lang Ping Still Has Discontent: Playing Strong Team Makes So Many Mistakes, It Will Be Hard
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team welcomed the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. Finally, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3: 1, ushering in the ninth consecutive victory of the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
But after the game, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third game.
"In the third game, the other side strengthened the service aggression. Some of us (one pass) were not in place to attack the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to focus, one pass was not attacked properly, we should adjust the attack well, and we should fight with the other side to defend."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack, more anxious, too want to kill the ball, the movement will be distorted.
I want her to be patient. "We all give her protection."
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
(New China 70 years) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and challenge.
The white paper pointed out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid increase of China's overall national strength and international influence, some people in the world are worried that China will follow the path of "national strength and hegemony". Some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory".
This is not only cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudice, but also psychological imbalance brought about by the decline of power, as well as deliberate distortion to protect their own vested interests.
To realize national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge."
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the biggest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new dynamic energy into world economic growth. The role of stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the momentum of world economic growth is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from rapid growth to high-quality development. New types of industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization have been accelerated, the economic structure has been deeply adjusted, industrial optimization has been continuously upgraded, and new economic growth points have been emerging.
"According to the research report of the Mc Kinsey Global Institute (MGI), by 2040, the integration of China and the rest of the world's economies is expected to create an economic value of US $22 trillion to US $37 trillion, equivalent to 15-26% of the total global economy. The strengthening of cooperation between the rest of the world's economies and China will create great economic value."
The white paper stressed that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic performance, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term positive for world economic development.
It is not feasible and harmful to regard China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge", and to try to push China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain, so as to "decouple" China from the world economy.
The white paper pointed out that all-directional opening to the outside world creates more opportunities for countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a win-win opening-up strategy and achieves a stronger and higher level of opening-up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale benefits more countries.
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial. It should not be one-way and benefit one side.
Mutual benefit can only be sustained in the long run. "
The white paper said that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection. Other countries should also expand opening-up and take corresponding measures in an effort to improve their own business environment.
Only when all parties act in the same direction can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper pointed out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, establishing a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development benefits from the international community, and it has never forgotten to give back to the international community and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
Andrey Slepnyov, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said in a written interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters recently that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slepniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industry account for a considerable proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil and grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, the export of Russian non-raw materials and non-energy products to China has also shown a good and stable development trend.
Referring to the optimization of Russia's export structure to China, Slepniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import needs of countries and regions around the world, including China, for high-tech products.
Russia will next improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slepniov said Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Referring to the goal of the two countries to achieve the bilateral trade volume of US $200 billion by 2024, Slepniov said that the fields of agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
The Russian side intends to promote the diversification of supply in these fields and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to promote the entry of its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are well placed to participate in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries."
Slepniov said that the Russian Export Center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Export-Import Bank of Russia to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote more convenient access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
There has been a marked increase in the use of Renminbi by financial institutions worldwide.
According to the latest "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released by the Global Banking and Financial Telecommunications Association in London on July 26, 2017, there is a clear trend of increasing the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment worldwide from July 2017 to July 2019.
At the 2019 London Annual Meeting of the Global Banking and Financial Telecommunications Association, the "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released by the institution, entitled "Insight into the RMB from a London Perspective", showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment worldwide increased by 11.31%, from 1989 to 2214.
Among them, Africa and the Middle East saw the largest increase in the number of financial institutions paying in Renminbi, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the RMB's share of the global payment currency was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in the offshore foreign exchange trading of the yuan.
According to the data of the report, in July 2019, London's share of the global offshore foreign exchange transactions of RMB was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
London is firmly in first place in global foreign exchange trading, the report said.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, compared with 12.93% in the United States and 7.67% in France.
Foreign Ministry responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": Sneaky self-harm
In response to a recent visit by Taiwanese personnel to the United Nations Headquarters to attend a conference on religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Geng Shuang said at a regular press conference on May 27 that such small actions were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwan media reports, the staff of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations headquarters to participate in a conference on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations. It was not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that the Taiwanese personnel mixed into the United Nations in a sneaky way, damaging their personality, and also played up that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". This kind of small action is disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations side has repeatedly reaffirmed its adherence to the handling of the Taiwan issue in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and that the vast majority of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot Accelerates the Upgrade of Dairy Industry Structure - Xinhua
Hohhot (Xinhua), September 27 (reporter An Lumeng) -- A reporter from Huhhot City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, learned that Huhhot City has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, with Yili and Mengniu among the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and made every effort to create an "upgraded version of China's dairy capital".
Dairy industry is the traditional dominant industry in Hohhot. Relying on the unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of dairy industry in Huhhot has been rapidly expanded and the large-scale breeding rate has been continuously raised.
In 2018, the large-scale breeding rate of dairy cows in the city reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrial chain, and the total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot has issued "Some Opinions on Building an Upgrade Edition of China's Dairy Capital" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrade of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)". Focusing on the goal of taking the lead in realizing the 4.0 goal of dairy manufacturing, it has implemented the "Five Upgrades" plan for the construction of high-quality milk source bases, the linking of interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion class leading enterprises, the cultivation of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprises clusters and the internationalization innovation of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will accelerate the landing of two major projects with investment of 100 billion yuan, namely, the Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and the Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center, so as to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the median exchange rate of the Vietnamese dong against the United States dollar was raised by 5 Vietnamese dong
With the exchange rate fluctuation range of + / -3%, the dollar exchange rate of banks today is capped at 23854 VND and the floor is 22465 VND.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling bid were VND 3211 and VND 3295 respectively, down 1 VND from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the dollar purchase price and selling bid at 23131 VND and 23271 VND, respectively, down 2 VND from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling bid were VND 3193 and VND 3326 respectively, down by VND 1 and VND 2 respectively from the previous trading day.
"China's Good Story" Goes Online to Show the World a True Stereoscopic and Comprehensive China
The "Good Chinese Stories" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices", was officially launched today to show the real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the world.
The "Good Chinese Stories" database (www.chinastory.cn) is sponsored by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the scene of "The United States and the United States -- the online launch of the 'Good Story of China' database", which was filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China Good Story" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling Chinese stories well and spreading the Chinese voice well", was officially launched to show the real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the world.
Opening the database of "Good Chinese Stories", a picture of a fish swimming in ink with a long artistic conception slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure trove of Chinese stories through time and space.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, ranging from the traditional story of "faithfully reporting the country" and "moving mountains of fools" to the new era story of "I will be without me" and "never forget my first heart". Thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers of "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The story library brings together five thematic stories in the "1 + 4" category.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "First Interpreter of Chinese Stories". The "Learning" section takes Xi Jinping's story, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping's dictionary and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping as the main thread. It provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and realize the truth of governing the country behind the story. The four story categories of "governing the country", "striving for a round dream", "Chinese culture" and "win-win cooperation" closely revolve around the story of the CPC governing the country, the story of the Chinese people's struggle for a round dream, the story of the extensive and profound Chinese culture and the story of China's adherence to peaceful development and win-win cooperation.
The reporter learned from the launch of the "America and the United States and the Common -- China's Good Stories" database held in Beijing today that the "China Good Stories" database has set up a Chinese and English website and a mobile phone client.
The website content is comprehensive, the function is rich, the design is fashionable, the whole media presents the wonderful story.
The mobile client highlights the AI voice function, adapts to the trend of mobile communication, and provides users with a portable "Good Story of China" player.
In order to facilitate the inquiry and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of the intelligent search technology of Chinese search, providing a rich search function in the form of time search, map search, character search and label search, which is convenient, quick and easy to check and use.
The "Good Story of China" database has also set up a special content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for more than 10 initial resident units, including SASAC.
Egyptian authorities show strong crackdown as demonstrations blast president's ouster
Twitter hashtags and social media are strongly advocating that Egyptians take to the streets today to peacefully appeal to President Hosni Sisi to step down.
But the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress it.
Since Sisi, then the head of the military, seized power in a military coup in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest would be in extreme danger.
The Guardian reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, an NGO based in Cairo, noted that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests over the weekend calling for Sisi to step down.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Sisi and his family's profligate pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
The Egyptian Interior Ministry yesterday stood firm and said that it would deal decisively with any attempt to destabilize the country and would never relent.
Downtown Cairo has long been heavily fortified, with riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police everywhere in the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of Egypt's 2011 revolution.
The Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of important scholars and social sages on the 25th, including Cairo University political science professor and well-known columnist Nafa.
"I have no doubt that the continuation of Sisi's absolute rule will cause disaster," he tweeted on the 24th.
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosny, who served as a spokesman for Annan, Egypt's former military chief of staff, was taken into custody.
Annan was arrested last year after trying to run against Sisi for the presidency.
The chairman of the Constitutional Party, Davud, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that the sweep of dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government at a time when the economic plight of the poor and middle class is increasing.
"The capture highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how much it fears itself," said Ayman Nour, an opposition leader and former presidential contender.
"Because the economy has been turned upside down by him, coupled with widespread political repression, Sisi is trying to send a clear message to key generals and politicians who may replace him."
Nour pointed out that under the premise that the socio-economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's heavy-handed tactics will only increase the people's anger.
Now that the fear barrier has been breached, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently living in exile in Spain and a former Egyptian military construction contractor, began uploading a series of films earlier this month, benefiting from government corruption, setting off a wave of small demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said his company, Eminem Lack, did not have to go through the legal bidding process to get a lucrative contract, stressing that the military and Sisi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, were corrupt.
He was deeply repentant that he had been involved.
Ali claims that the opulent royal palaces and luxury hotels he helped build for Sisi stand in stark contrast to the current abject poverty of Egyptians, and that the other side has yet to pay.
On Twitter, thematic hashtags such as "Stand Up You're Not Alone", "Sisi You're Finished", "Cecilia Roll" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets calling on people to peacefully take to the streets to demand that Cecilia step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amarwick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
"Sisi is doomed... he is finished and those who support him are now going to make a big mistake," he tweeted in Arabic yesterday.
Hong Kong Government Promotes Free Special Training Scheme to Help Recent Economically Affected Employees Overcome Difficulties
The HKSAR Government announced on the 27th that it will introduce a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City have few customers.
Affected by the recent social strife in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has dropped sharply recently. Apart from the tourism industry, the hotel, catering and retail industries have all been affected.
The Secretary for Hong Kong Labour and Welfare Bureau, Mr Law Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on the commissioning of a special training programme by the Employees Retraining Board and measures to support the tourism industry.
Law Chi-kwong described the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy as imminent and should not wait for the situation to calm down before starting work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched this free training programme called "Special? Love Value Added".
According to the report, people who are unemployed or required by their employers to take unpaid leave from June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Law Chi-kwong said that the range of courses is very wide. The most important part is "vocational skills" training, which covers 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses, as well as cross-industry "general skills" courses.
The Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, Mr Yu Pengchun, said that all courses were free of charge and the scheme was expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants in the scheme will receive a special allowance of up to HK $4,000 per student per month if they complete each full-time or part-time course and have an attendance rate of 80%.
According to the report, the training course will last two to three months and will be offered by about 50 training institutions. The public can apply for the course from October 3 to March 31 next year. Each person can apply for up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome the difficulties.
These include the relaxation of funding for the Tourism Industry Council, the funding of 6,000 tour guides to renew their registration for courses, and the exemption of annual fees for travel agents.
Is exercise tiring and tiring?
According to the Sputnik, a study of athletes showed that the brain also showed signs of fatigue after high-intensity exercise.
The study, led by Mathias Perciglion, an expert at the Pitie-Salpetriere Hospital in France, shows that there is an inconspicuous link between mental and physical work: Both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to control the autonomic processes that can force you to stop when you have muscle and joint pain," Perciglion explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding the athletes in their preparations for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which is the irrepressible feeling of fatigue after high-load exercise, the inability of the body to recover and the decline in performance.
INSEP asks the question: Can part of the cause of this condition be neurofatigue, the kind of neurofatigue caused by excessive brain work?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
Recently, the grand exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse", Qi Baishi's "All the Years of Peace", Li Keran's "All the Red Layers of Wanshan", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Zhongli's "Father" and Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of Grandchildren" are more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, including almost all the classics since the founding of New China.
"Magnificent Picture Scrolls of the Great Process -- An Exhibition of Fine Arts Works Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" is a rich and multidimensional display of the magnificent history and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, as well as the unremitting fighting spirit and the great spirit of self-improvement of the Chinese people.
The exhibition consists of a preface and four chapters.
The exhibition is a huge scale and a collection of famous works. The exhibition features more than 480 works, including Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor water powder, annual paintings and posters. The exhibition focuses on the classic works in the collection of the National Art Museum of China, and brings together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism organized the implementation of the "National Theme Art Creation" just completed more than 130 new works on realistic themes also concentrated for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the National Art Museum of China has called all the exhibition spaces of the museum for the first time. In addition to the exhibition hall on the third floor of the museum, the outdoor courtyard space has also been made into a sculpture exhibition area. Through the exhibition design, an exhibition pattern with internal and external echoes has been formed.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of the activities of Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the National Art Museum of China suspended its opening to the public from September 28 to October 1.
On September 27, World Tourism Day, this year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The Tourist Board has arranged a series of activities, including hosting lucky travelers and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and travelers.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" gala dinner was held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Mr Tan Junrong, and others attended the gala to promote the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
The Secretary for Tourism, Mr Maria Helena de Senna Fernandes, the Deputy Secretary for Tourism, Mr Xu Yaoming, and other leaders and relevant supervisors visited the Macao International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers on World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wipoosiri, a traveler from Thailand, whose family became the lucky ones this year, said that he comes to Macao about four to five times a year. Macao is a suitable tourist destination for a large and small family. He can enjoy the cuisine of Macao and visit the urban areas of Macao during the weekend vacation.
The Macau tourist mascot "Mai Mai" mechanic was also present to welcome the visitors. The Visitor Enquiry Office under the Tourism Bureau also arranged for souvenirs to be sent to the visitors all day long.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day and gathered nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao. It coincided with the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. The participants arranged a digital "20" photo in Ruinas de Sao Paulo before departure to add joy to the event.
Some participants also wore special costumes to match the theme of the return.
Each participant carried a tray carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" through the streets of "Macao Historic District" and safely delivered the beer to the front of the terminal Palava Pavilion at the fastest speed. The process was tense and exciting. Along the way, a large number of tourists stopped to take photos and even cheer up the participants, showing the tourism charm of Macao.
The men's title was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of Macau's Jinsha City Center; the women's title was won by Ye Xiaojing of Future Bright Group; and the most special clothing award went to Ou Huanming of Jiajingjing Group and Choi Chi-hong of Jinlong Hotel, respectively.
On the evening of the same day, the Tourist Board invited hundreds of guests including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media to attend the World Tourism Day Celebration Dinner.
At the dinner, Tan Junrong said that the tourism industry in Macao has been developing for thousands of miles in the past 20 years. However, in the face of the changing external environmental factors, he encouraged the industry to think innovatively, build on the success already achieved, move forward, adjust strategies and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of tourism in Macao.
At the same time, under the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region", the dinner arranged for Macao singers to sing the original local song "Liancheng Family" and six large tourism enterprises to present a number of performances that fit the theme of the return, showcasing Macao's diverse tourism and leisure elements and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as World Tourism Day in order to promote international awareness of the importance of tourism, in particular its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central Bank launches 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Beijing (Xinhua), September 27 (reporters Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) -- The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of interest rate bidding on September 27.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase matured on the same day, the People's Bank of China realized a net return of 10 billion yuan in reverse repurchase operations.
The central bank announced that it would launch a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a 14-day term and a winning bid rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day term reverse repurchase operation.
The Bank of Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the seven-day rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year rate was 3.048%, unchanged from the previous trading day.
Making Chinese Citizens "Go Out" More Confident -- Visit to Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first public service video on consular protection of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs went online, and the sentence at the end of the video aroused the resonance of the vast number of netizens.
Cui Aimin, head of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told Xinhua that the video aims to further make the people feel the sentiment and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and make Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will lend them a helping hand and give them help, strength and hope.
Overseas peace is no trivial matter, a branch of the total concern.
Cui Aimin said that in the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased sharply, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening-up to more than 100 million per year today. At the same time, the safety of overseas travel for Chinese citizens is more guaranteed, and the work target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
It has accepted and coordinated the handling of some 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to think of a "walk and talk" trip.
According to Cui Aimin, as of the end of August this year, China has concluded visa waiver agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted entry facilities such as visa-free or visa-on-arrival to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports. Another 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, have unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country visa-free.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is becoming more and more convenient and simplified for Chinese citizens to apply for visas.
By the end of August, China had concluded agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the conclusion with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina of mutual tourism, the issuance of 10-year valid multiple visas for business personnel, and the conclusion with the United Kingdom of a two-year multiple visa arrangement for each other's travel, business and family visits.
The UK and Belgium jointly launched a "visa one-stop shop" service, with France, Italy and Singapore reducing visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining multiple visas for 16 economies around Asia and the Pacific for five years. It is of great significance for business people, especially those in private enterprises, to "go out".
At present, China's effective card holding ranks first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, push more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, so that the achievements of diplomatic work can be more translated into measures to benefit the people and facilitate the people, and continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, the party secretary, led the team to inspect the safety of production and the supply of holiday market during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do all kinds of work in a solid and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation of cities and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let citizens enjoy a happy and peaceful holiday.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and mayor, checked together.
The power supply area of Tian'an men regional power supply service center is nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time, and realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and production safety, inquired about the important details of power supply and security work, and went into the dispatch and command hall to listen to the report on the work of safe power supply and gas supply during the festival with the big screen.
Cai Qi expressed condolences to the frontline staff, stressing that it is necessary to set up a bottom-line thinking, do a good job in fire control and other work, go to the scene and pay more attention to the end, strengthen safety hidden danger detection and equipment operation monitoring at each point, and ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
Wangfujing department store building, a variety of goods, everywhere brimming with festive atmosphere.
The Peace Bug Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the walls of the Qingwai brick pile and the old shops such as the photo studio, the big theater, the food store and the old book bureau, which are full of the flavor of Beijing.
While walking, Cai Qi and Chen Jining listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store in cooperation with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian street to enhance commercial operation and market supply, and got a detailed understanding of the holiday protection situation.
Walk into the "Hongxing Grain and Oil Shop" and "Dabei Photo Gallery" to learn about the sales of Beijing's characteristic goods, and ask visitors about the experience along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a model worker in Beijing and the son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the unique work of "catching the right" and "clearing the mouth". Cai Qi exhorted him to vigorously carry forward the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi exhorted that market monitoring should be strengthened to ensure adequate and stable holiday supply, and food safety should be strictly closed; shopping malls and other crowded places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming took part in the inspection.
Jiangxi: The "line commander" guards the safety of passenger line operation.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration that, up to now, 1334 passenger lines in 11 cities divided into districts and 6 directly administered counties in Jiangxi have "line length".
The person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration said that because the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises is a mere formality, the responsibility of the enterprise safety subject cannot be put into practice.
In order to further compacted the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for production safety and ensure the safety of passengers travelling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017 and gradually extended it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises have implemented the "long line system", and 1334 "long line" management lines have been selected, covering 4824 operating passenger cars.
According to the introduction, the "line leader" is usually appointed by the road transport passenger transport enterprise as a special person, who is specifically responsible for the management of the people, cars and lines of the relevant lines, ensuring that the line leaders carry out comprehensive control over the lines, vehicles, drivers and operating environment, and ensuring the operation safety of the lines.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Council will hold a special public guided food safety tour from October to December. Food safety educators will lead a tour of the "Twenty Year Picture Exhibition of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the measures to safeguard food safety in Macao. The public is welcome to take an active part in the event.
Jointly organized by the General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Council of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Watch and Help Together - Safeguarding the Safe Supply of Food and Agricultural Products from the Mainland to Macao for 20 Years" photo exhibition is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many visitors from Macao.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Council will hold a special food safety public guided tour at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building from October to December on Wednesdays at 3:30 pm (except public holidays). Food safety educators will lead a tour of the photo exhibition and the food information station. Through live pictures, films, comics and multimedia interactive games, accompanied by a guided tour by food safety personnel, participants will have a thorough understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the food safety work of the food industry from the entrance to the market.
Each food safety guided tour will last about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Council on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The tour will be free of charge, with a limited number of places available on a first-come, first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the Food Safety Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Bank Silver and People's Integrated Tax Payment Platform officially launched - ECNS
Fujian Provincial Tax Depot Silver Easy People Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform officially went online.
China News Service, Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) -- The Fujian Provincial Tax Depot Silver Easy People Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform officially went online on September 27 in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China UnionPay Co., Ltd., signed a tripartite memorandum of cooperation to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the people of Fujian Province.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership. It connects tax, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social service providers at the front end. It provides a variety of online and offline tax and fee payment channels such as mobile APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank network and inclusive financial service points, and connects the treasury and tax system at the back end.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects for the benefit of the people. Among them, the medical insurance premium inspection project for urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
The project has opened 14 channels online and offline, and can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Online, medical insurance premiums can be paid by means of "Fujian Tax Link", "Cloud Flash Payment" and APP and WeChat Public Number of banks. Offline, medical insurance premiums can be paid by scanning codes, swiping cards and swiping cards in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, vice president of the central branch of the Fuzhou of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode services to facilitate the payment of taxes and fees while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue into the warehouse and real-time interaction of data and information.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province have opened the function of checking and paying medical insurance premiums, so that rural residents can safely check and pay medical insurance premiums without leaving their villages, so that the public can have a stronger sense of "getting" and "happiness".
According to statistics, since the pilot operation of the medical insurance premium payment project for urban and rural residents of the platform in the first 20 days, the number of service users has reached 840,000, including 750,000 online payment users and nearly 20,000 universal financial service point payment users.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform has pioneered the application of blockchain electronic payment certificate technology in the country.
From next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the stamped electronic payment certificate directly through his mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" to facilitate the payment of taxes by the people will be further expanded.
U. S. to deploy more air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
26 UPI - The United States will deploy an additional Patriot air defense system, four Sentinel radar systems and about 200 U. S. troops in Saudi Arabia due to previous attacks on Saudi oil facilities, the Defense Department announced.
The Pentagon said in a statement the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and enhance the U. S. military presence in the region.
The statement added that U. S. Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two Patriot air defense systems and one THAAD anti-missile system in the preparation and deployment sequence.
Some US defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interceptor targets of the Patriot and THAAD systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the US claimed were attacking Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iran President Rouhani said that Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz while all countries can enjoy their rights fairly.
He also stressed that only the withdrawal of U. S. troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two Saudi Aramco oil facilities and caused fires.
The United States blamed Iran for the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Thalys chairman's plan to increase holdings completed last year's call for staff to increase the maximum floating surplus of 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Thalys (603716. SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had added a total of 10.542 million shares of the company through the Shanghai Stock Exchange pooled bidding transaction, accounting for 0.5139% of the total capital stock of the company. The total amount of the increase was RMB 20.926 million (including printing tax, commission, interest and other transaction costs), thus completing the plan of increasing the holding.
It is reported that before the implementation of this plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Thalys, accounting for 4.18% of the total capital of the company. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (Hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei"), held 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the total capital of the company. Wen Wei held 66.06% of the shares of Tianjin Ruimei and was the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Thalys has offered positive measures.
Since September last year, in a short period of one year, Thalys has successively introduced measures such as increasing the holding of senior executives, the chairman's initiative to increase the holding of shares, share repurchase and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, the Thalys announced that seven senior executives of the company, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had accumulated 39.43 million shares of the company (0.1922% of the total share capital of the company), with a total increase of 7.0229 million yuan. The plan has been implemented and completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, Chairman and Controller of Thalys, proposed a plan for employees to increase their holdings of the company's shares and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The period of the increase is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total limit of the increase in the holding of the company's shares shall not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase in holding, the company's shares shall be held continuously for more than 12 months and shall not be reduced, and the employee shall be in office at the time of compensation.
The reporter found that Thalys's stock price was 14.02 yuan at the lowest level and 16.44 yuan at the highest level during the period of the above-mentioned initiative staff increase. Based on the closing price of 20.02 yuan on September 25, the maximum floating surplus of the staff increase could reach 42.80% and the lowest 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, the Thalys again adopted the share repurchase plan of the company, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used for the share repurchase is not less than 160 million yuan and not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the company announced the "Thalys 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high performance unlocking conditions.
According to the announcement, the equity incentive is based on 2018 operating income, and the growth rate of the four fiscal years 2019-2022 is not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
From the first half of Thalys's performance, the company maintained high growth and exceeded this year's 30% growth unlocking conditions.
In the first half of the year, operating income was 842 million yuan, up 46.50% year on year; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.2324 million yuan, up 16.46% year on year.
Since the 2018 report, Thalys's revenue growth rate has exceeded 38% year on year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation service (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation service (SPD business) and regional inspection center as breakthroughs, iteratively upgrading and promoting SPD business on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business.
Thalys related people told reporters that at present, in order to conform to the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Selis' three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, the Thalys announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of the Intensive Operating Platform for Medical Consumption Materials and the Daily Operation Management Service" with the Lingwu People's Hospital and the Lingwu City Chinese Hospital, with a contract term of three years.
"In fact, Thalys is vigorously expanding its SPD business, providing medical institutions with refined operating services such as centralized purchasing, storage management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables in hospitals, and obtaining long-term income."
Said the person above.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Thalys won the tender for a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" of Run Run Shaw Hospital affiliated with Zhejiang University School of Medicine.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very gold content. Run Run Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The smooth implementation of the project in the future is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, before Thalys through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map basically completed the national provincial business area coverage.
Now that the winning Run Run Shaw Hospital is in the next city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals and enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year Thalys is also in the industrial hemp, blockchain technology and other emerging areas of layout.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers serve the National Day transportation travel.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their duties from the 28th, providing volunteer services at various points in Beijing, and the service period will last until October 8.
Before that, the Beijing Municipal Leading Group for Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer headquarters. In the early stage, more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers were recruited and trained for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The volunteer service areas involved celebration conferences, joint activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day parks and urban operation and security.
Among them, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Transportation Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 78266 Capital Transportation Civilization Volunteers conducted traffic diversion and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic intersections and 308 subway platforms in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker Stannard Empire was finally released and set off from the Iran Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
And just in the middle of last month, authorities in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic News Agency of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker Stana Empire set off from the Bandar Abbas to the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
Iran's Hormuz Gan Ports and Shipping Organization confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made a formal and written commitment that they had no claims despite the ship's seizure.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker Stanna Empire, also said the ship was sailing from Bandar Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv ship tracking data also found that the tanker began moving on the 27th and left the Bandar Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A company spokesman said the tanker was preparing to leave the Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an oil tanker of Iran off the Gibraltar, Iran's Revolutionary Guards detained the vessel, the Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz waterway.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman had said that all legal procedures required for the release of the Stana Empire had been completed.
But the Iranians say the investigation is ongoing.
Several Iranian media outlets also released videos of the tanker setting sail.
On July 19, the Iranian IRGC Navy detained a British oil tanker, the Stana Empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to Bandar Abbas.
Iran's seized oil tanker Grace I leaves the waters of the Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the Grace I tanker with Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of the Grace I.
This afternoon, the provincial undergraduate university thematic education inspection and rectification work conference was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the provincial party committee, stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen political commitment, strictly and earnestly grasp the problem inspection and rectification, and promote the high-quality development of Party building, ideological and political work and reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wu Lan fully affirmed the initial achievements of the undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that the education on the theme of "Remember your first heart and remember your mission" is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme of "Remember your first heart and remember your mission".
From the political height of enhancing the "Four Awareness", achieving the "Two Maintenance" and carrying out the primary mission, we will conscientiously complete the prescribed actions of thematic education, especially the series of problems examined through solid rectification and reform, and make overall plans to do a good job in all aspects of school reform and development, so as to achieve "two mistakes and two promotions".
Wu Lan stressed that it is necessary to stick to the knife edge inward, grasp the problem inspection, find the correct problem on the standard list according to the requirement of "Four Contrast" and "Four Find One", solicit opinions and suggestions from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the ideological point of view, and then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard tactics to solve the problem.
We must adhere to precise efforts, strengthen real reform and reform, and earnestly carry out the word "reform" throughout.
It is necessary to do a good job of combining thematic education with the work of "LideShu people", compacting the responsibility of rectification, ensuring that the problem is not left behind, and that the bottom is cleared, so as to ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We must adhere to the principle of addressing both symptoms and root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave a tight institutional cage, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work has rules and regulations to follow, and truly use the system to manage people's administrative power.
Under the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in seriously examining and rectifying, take the lead in strictly regulating themselves at all times, give full play to the exemplary role of "key minority", and strive to accomplish the tasks of thematic education inspection and rectification.
The responsible comrades of the Party committees of five universities, including the Hunan University, and the responsible comrades of the relevant units directly under the provincial government made speeches.
"One Crossing All the Time" Two Extra High Voltage Projects Launched
26, Zhundong to Wannan  1100 kV UHV DC transmission project, Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline corridor project put into operation.
Both of these projects occupy the high point of the current world transmission technology in their respective fields. After commissioning, the large-scale optimization of China's energy allocation will be greatly enhanced.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the Zhundong to Wannan project is the world's largest transmission capacity and the furthest transmission distance transmission project.
Its commissioning is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL, or gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipeline Corridor Project has set a record for the highest voltage grade and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and realized the operation of the 'AC Double Ring Network' with the highest voltage grade of the East China backbone power grid.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the Zhundong - Wannan project is 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is adopted, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost on the way. After the research and development of this project, the economic transmission distance will be greatly increased to more than 3,000 km.
After the Zhundong - Wannan project is put into operation, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help to solve the problem of new energy absorption in Xinjiang.
According to the full load estimate, the annual electricity transmission of this line alone will reach 600-85 billion kWh, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
The Sutong GIL integrated pipeline corridor project is a control project of the UHV AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If a conventional overhead line is used to cross the river, two giant towers of more than 450 meters need to be erected on the Yangtze River, and an artificial island the size of more than four football fields should be built for each tower.
In response, the National Grid has made bold innovations and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through tunnels, avoiding the impact on the golden channel.
The two projects have made a new leap forward in the manufacturing capacity of China's electrical equipment.
At present, the National Grid has built a cumulative "10 to 11 direct" ultra-high voltage project, and "4 to 3 direct" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's External Debt Structure Continuously Optimizes the Stability of External Debt
"Overall, the structure of China's foreign debt has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has been enhanced."
Wang Chunying, spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and chief economist, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the remarks in response to a reporter's question when the Foreign Exchange Bureau released the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019 on the same day.
According to the data, as of the end of June 2019, the balance of China's full-calibre foreign debt (including domestic and foreign currencies) stood at US $199.8 billion, an increase of US $26.3 billion, or 1.3%, over the end of March 2019, mainly due to the growth of the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic Renminbi bonds by non-residents, who were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the proportion of medium- and long-term foreign debt increased by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, while the share of local currency foreign debt increased by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with the inclusion of China's domestic RMB bonds in the Bloomberg Clay Global Composite Index in April 2019, the recognition of China's bond market by international investors has been further enhanced and the holding of domestic RMB bonds has been continuously increased.
"China's balance of payments remains generally balanced and the risk of foreign debt is controllable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large area of outbreak and disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved some stage results.
In January this year, the grassland nocturnal moth was first discovered in Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, and was subsequently confirmed to have occurred in 129 counties in Yunnan. The grassland nocturnal moth also gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
The grassland nocturnal moth is a kind of important agricultural pest of long range migratory nature, which is native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the global warning of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, violent and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 crops, including maize, sugarcane and sorghum, and can cause up to 70% yield loss.
The prevention and control is very difficult. There is no registered pesticide for the control of this insect in China.
Since the grassland nocturnal moth moved to Yunnan and invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has sent Chen Aidong researchers to lead the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences' agricultural cross-border pests to cooperate with the Green Prevention and Control Provincial Innovation Team to go to the front line, conduct field investigations, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong's team has initially mastered the population characteristics of the nocturnal moth in Yunnan grassland, the insect resources of natural enemies, the characteristics of overseas insect sources, the population migration trajectory, the toxicity of pharmaceutical agents and the effect of field control.
They have actively carried out research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult booby-trapping, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%. At the same time, the use of chemical pesticides has been reduced, natural enemy resources and ecological environment have been protected, and technical guarantee has been provided for the effective control of the outbreak and sustainable management of the grassland nocturnal moth in Yunnan.
At present, the nocturnal moth in Yunnan grassland has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large area of outbreak and disaster, and the prevention and control work has made some achievements.
Next, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration invasion and break through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring networks and demonstration areas abroad, so as to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capability of the Yunnan grassland nocturnal moth.
According to the PBOC website, the PBOC is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins with panda characters at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of two gold and silver commemorative coins, including one gold commemorative coin and one silver commemorative coin, are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the front design of the gold and silver commemorative coins is Beijing Temple of Heaven Prayer Hall, and the name, annual number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo" are published.
The back of the 8-gram circular gold commemorative coin is patterned with the mother and child panda, and the words "8g Au. 999", "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
The back of the 30g circular silver commemorative coin is patterned with the mother and child panda, and the words "30g Ag. 999", "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
According to the introduction, the 8 g circular gold commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 8 g pure gold, 22 mm diameter, 100 yuan denomination, 99.9% color, with a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30g round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 30 g pure silver, 40 mm diameter, 10 yuan denomination, 99.9% color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by the Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. and distributed by the China Gold Coin Incorporation.
White Paper: China Takes a Development Path According to National Conditions
China News Service, Beijing, September 27 -- The Information Office of the State Council of China released the white paper "China and the World in a New Era" on September 27.
The white paper pointed out that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made strenuous efforts to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper said that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development is based on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing". Generations of people have been working hard and continuously, paying unimaginable toil and sweat to others; relying on the spirit of "carrying their own burden", whether in good times or adversity, not exporting problems, not passing on contradictions, and not developing themselves through forced buying and selling or plundering of other countries; relying on the spirit of exploration of "crossing the river by touching stones", not following the old path of imperialism and colonialism, not copying the development model of Western countries, but combining China's reality, summing up experience and learning from human civilization, and daring to try and take a path of their own.
According to the white paper, China has developed in its contact and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's road conforms to China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
China has taken concrete actions to safeguard world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict on its own initiative and has not encroached on an inch of other countries' land.
The white paper points out that in the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and follow it unswervingly.
This is a road that has been established in the light of the national conditions of the country, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up and comprehensively governing the country according to law.
With its huge size and complex national conditions, and rare difficulties in governance in the world, and without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards secession and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper said that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has made historic achievements and made historic changes in its development. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming stronger, and is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright prospects as the times advance.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration of Clothing Businessmen.
On the 27th, at the 2019 Second World Conference of Clothing Businessmen held in Ke Bridge District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration of Clothing Businessmen.
The declaration pointed out that, facing the future, relevant countries adhere to openness and coordination, science and technology drive and fashion leapfrogging, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
The current World Clothing Congress gathered about 1,200 textile industry representatives from 45 countries and regions to explore the path of sustainable development and win-win cooperation in the global textile industry around the trends of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division of labor pattern, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustment. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development. The development concept of "science and technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of the global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said that "for the industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it needs the active participation of global textile people, their respective advantages and benefits sharing."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Declaration of Clothing Businessmen, which jointly expounded the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Declaration on Clothing and Commerce states that, facing the future, the relevant countries will adhere to openness and coordination, continuously promote industrial and market connectivity and jointly raise the level of industrial chain development; will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic industrial capacity; and will focus on fashion leaps and bounds, giving full play to the role of textile and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, so as to jointly enhance the industrial and cultural value.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the World Declaration of Clothing Businessmen will help all countries jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and realize the sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei cited the example of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, which has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end ready-to-wear products, while Ke Bridge has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this conference, we also look forward to establishing contact with the excellent suppliers of Koqiao and seeking more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Clothing Congress, Ke Bridge has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, he is gradually constructing a new pattern of upgrading the internal file and opening up to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Ke Bridge District Committee, said that Ke Qiao will take this opportunity to promote the textile industry to a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction with the attitude of a pioneer.
The RMB intermediate price measured by Reuters is around 7.0883 yuan, which has a countercyclical impact of 460 points.
According to the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism published by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), Reuters estimates that the RMB's median price against the US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a depreciation of about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the yuan was trading at 7.1315 yuan against the dollar at sight, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of the change in the median price today reflect the impact of market supply and demand, another 27 points reflect the number of points needed for the basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight, and another 460 points reflect the impact of "countercyclical factors".
The median price of the yuan against the dollar last day, as measured by Reuters, was 7.0947 yuan, 218 points away from the actual value announced by the foreign exchange trading center.
The CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu, the first high-rise building in northern China, has completed more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the first high-rise building in northern China, was held in Binhai New Area, Tianjin, on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, an architectural information model independently developed by the project department of the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center in China Construction Eighth Engineering Bureau, which won the Global Award for Excellence in the Global Engineering Construction Industry.
The Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, with a total construction area of 390,000 square meters, four floors below ground, 100 floors above ground and a building height of 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments and super five-star hotels. After its completion, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
According to the relevant person in charge of the project department of the Zhou Dafu Financial Center in Tianjin, China Construction Eighth Engineering Bureau Province, the total amount of steel used in the project is more than 70,000 tons. The high altitude group has a welding seam of about 376,000 meters, which is equivalent to the height of 42.5 Pearl Mudacumura peaks. The welding wire can be used to circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components reaches 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components. This includes the double tube elliptical section steel pipe column with a distortion angle of 90 degrees, which is the largest single layer in the world.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project is unprecedented.
Industry sources said that the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center has taken the lead in implementing the building information model (BIM) management in all aspects of the skyscraper project that has been built or is under construction across the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "Three Full BIM Application" model with full staff participation, full professional application and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on the high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Zhou Dafu, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and correct verification before carrying out physical construction, thus eliminating in the bud the problems that may arise from demolition and rework in the construction of previous construction projects.
In 2017, the BIM innovation achievements of the Zhou Dafu Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Master Hui and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only made the complex and numerous construction links achieve a single success, the construction period has been shortened by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos, Myanmar and Thailand Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the press office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau on the 27th that at 15:30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Laos law enforcement boats involved in the 86th China-Laos, Myanmar and Thailand Mekong River joint patrol and law enforcement successfully docked at the Chinese port of Guanlei, marking the successful conclusion of this joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanlei Port on the 24th, and lasted 4 days and 3 nights. A total of 136 law enforcement personnel and 6 law enforcement boats were dispatched from China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as Golden Triangle, Laos Xiengkok and Muongmom.
In addition, China has sent a delegation of police practical combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border guard companies of the Laos People's Army to conduct exchanges of police practical combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response capability of law enforcement officers of both sides to jointly handle emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Qingsheng, Thailand, where they briefed each other on the recent situation of border management, the fight against drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River River basin, held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and adjudication and law enforcement cooperation, and reached consensus. They also held cultural and sports exchanges among the four countries, and launched competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, effectively enhancing mutual understanding among law enforcement officers and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol General Bureau of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said that after the end of the operation, China and the Lao People's Democratic Republic will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission, raise the police rate of the Mekong River River and make every effort to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The Thai commander said that since the launch of the Mekong River joint patrol law enforcement, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had close exchanges, deepened practical cooperation and achieved fruitful results in law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the law enforcement cooperation between the four parties will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining security and stability in the Mekong River River basin.
Defence Minister of Iran, Mohammad Javad Amir Hatami said on the 25th that he opposes any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Hatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile power" would damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders all support improving the missile program.
Iran reached an agreement with six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015. The United States withdrew from the agreement last May and reinstated and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement with the United States in order to limit Iran's weapons program and regional activities.
Some Western leaders have used the occasion of the UN General Assembly to mediate tensions between the US and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after their meeting, urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi as Head of Jury
The film "Chaogtu with Sarula", directed by Beijing Film Academy professor Wang Rui, is the only Chinese-language film to be shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Golden Kirin Award, the top prize of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Chaogtu with Sarula" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Tao Li Manchuria". It tells the story of an ordinary Mongolian herdsman and his wife, who have some kind of life predicament due to their different life pursuits. It is starring Mongolian actors Ji Zhimutu and Xu Di.
It is reported that Chaogtu with Sarula held two world premieres during the festival, with release dates of October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held in Roppongi, Hibiya and other venues in Tokyo from October 28 to November 5 this year. On the afternoon of September 26, the Organizing Committee of the Film Festival held a press conference and officially announced the list of films in the main competition unit, "Asia's Future" unit, "Special Hospitality Works", Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units and enterprises competing for the Golden Monoceros Award.
The director of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese film "Chaogtu with Sarula".
Zhang Ziyi is the chairman of the international judges of the main competition unit of the film festival.
There are 3 Chinese films in the "Future of Asia" module
Among Tokyo International Film Festival's series of units, its importance is second only to that of the "Future of Asia" unit of the main competition films. Although only eight films were shortlisted, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Mak Man" directed by Huang Qingxun, starring film emperor Aaron Kwok and film queen Miriam Yeung, and "Summer Night Knight" directed by Yuxing, a mainland film.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese collaborative action adventure film "Ice Peak Storm", directed by Yu Fei and starring Koji Yakusho, Zhang Jingchu and Austin Lin, will also be shown at the festival as a "special hospitality work".
The spokesperson of the film festival, "Goddess" Alice Hirose, was absent from the press conference for some reason and made a video speech.
Yoji Yamada, the famous director.
At the press conference, Hiroyasu Ando, President of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Director of the Film Festival Takeo Hisamatsu, and the heads of film selection of each unit, who just took office in August this year, delivered speeches on stage, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, Yoji Yamada, director of the 50th film in the "Torajiro" series, "The Story of Yin Jiro: Welcome Back", Makoto Tezuka ("Balopola"), Shin Ashidate ("Comedy Love Wife"), two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, and Kazuki Nakajima, a famous playwright and screenwriter, also appeared at the press conference to tell their feelings about participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury of the main competition unit consists of five people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noer and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, the TIFFCOM (International Imaging Market), held simultaneously with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held at the Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center in Ikebukuro from October 22 to 24. This year, a record 401 group exhibition stands will be set up. In particular, the number of exhibition units from China will reach 90, a 6.4 times increase compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day (CHINADAY)", held a number of lectures and seminars, and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in related activities. The welcoming dinner that evening was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Begins
Chengdu (Xinhua), September 27 (reporter Li Qianwei) -- The panda base will be able to accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The expansion project of "Panda Planet" and the panda breeding research base officially started in Chengdu on September 25, which means that the planned "Panda Capital" project in Chengdu has been officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built by Chengdu consists of three regions, namely, Beihu, Dujiangyan and Longquan Mountain, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan integrates the ecological and cultural value of the giant panda with the urban construction of the beautiful and livable park in Chengdu to create an ecological home for the giant panda.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake Area, covering an area of 35 square kilometers. In combination with industrial planning, a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X" will be formed.
One core attraction is the renovation and expansion project of the Research Base for Giant Panda Breeding; N cultural tourism consumption scenes are built, namely, panda town, free garden, dream garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure supporting facilities.
After the renovation and expansion of Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu, and it will be positioned as a world-class panda conservation demonstration site, where people and animals can share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (baby pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the China Media Group Voice of China News and Newspaper Digest, in the past few days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and spoke highly of the achievements of New China's development and its significance for global development.
In an interview with China Media Group reporters, Malian President Keita said that he has visited China many times and that China's development achievements over the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to people all over the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy Birthday to China!
Premier Motley of Barbados said: I wish the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25), ambassadors from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great Process Glorious Achievements -- A Large Achievement Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: I personally saw the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, and compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, too much progress has been made.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities in the region to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent their heartfelt wishes to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it had launched the trial operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned "Class 4" fully self-driving taxi fleet, on a specific highway in Changsha City, Hunan Province.
Ma Zhixing, a self-driving startup, also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, a city in the province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded everywhere.
Since the 26th, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for rides through a special website.
There are "safety officers" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road provided for trial operation was 50 km by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Hongqi EV" of China FAW Group, equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Plan" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo Plan includes more than 150 companies including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Nvidia of the United States.
Around China's self-driving taxis, Didi Travel, the country's largest internet dating service provider, released plans to launch a service of 30 self-driving taxis on the outskirts of Shanghai within the year.
China's self-driving development competition may become more intense.
Taiwanese Scholar Suggests: "Uncertain Times" Taiwan Businessmen Need to Follow the Mainland to Develop Mainstream Industries
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27ths in a row.
The event invited a number of Taiwanese business representatives and scholars to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Management Research Institute and co-sponsored by the Capital Securities Corporation, the Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Association and other organizations.
The two-day meeting was divided into a number of seminars, including transformation and upgrading mode and business strategy. More than 100 people attended.
Chen Ming-Chang, director of the Institute of Management of Taipei, said that trade frictions between China (mainland China) and the United States continue, and Taiwanese businessmen face "uncertain times."
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep abreast of the mainstream industries developed on the mainland, paying particular attention to innovative products related to the fields of science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen attached importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Ming-Chang believes that it is no longer enough for Taiwanese businessmen to have the above conditions.
He pointed out that Taiwanese enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extending services and life product services.
In addition, "service value added" is also a new area that Taiwan businessmen can vigorously develop.
During the speech session of the representatives of Taiwan businessmen, Xu Wentang, Chairman of Taiwan Merchants Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd. From Guangdong, said that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to the sharp decline in orders. The Group started to improve its business situation from the aspects of restructuring and activating assets.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue by taking away traditional electrical business, transforming automotive electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Apollo (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide a "one-stop shop" service.
Customers changing suppliers is no more than the six factors of poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, few varieties and integrity. As long as these six points are solved, and production lines are reformed and product categories expanded in a timely manner, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Award" award ceremony, also hosted by Taipei Management Research Institute, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of the Shanghai-based Golden Land Company, won the "Outstanding Taiwan Businessmen and Cross-Strait Contribution Award".
New Regulations for Consultation: Social Capital Needs Qualification to Acquire Rural Land Management Rights
Qualification is required for social capital to acquire rural land management rights
The Measures for the Administration of the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights are publicly solicited for comments on the proposed supervision of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to acquire land management rights
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture, Rural Affairs and Villages published a notice on the "Measures for the Management of the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights (Draft for Exposure to Comments on the Revised Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft Opinions") for public consultation, increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to obtain land management rights.
The Draft Opinion will be open to the public for comments from now on.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly amended Law on Rural Land Contract, further consolidate and improve the rural basic management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "separation of powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the Measures for the Administration of the Circulation of Rural Land Contract Management Rights, forming the "Draft Opinions".
Beijing Youth Daily reporters learned that the first published "Opinion Draft" has a number of important changes.
The newly amended Rural Land Contract Law clarifies the scope of land circulation, implements the concept of "division of three rights", and sets up "land contract management right" and "land management right" respectively in special sections, making a clear distinction between land contract management right transfer, exchange and land management right transfer (leasing, subcontracting, equity participation or other means).
In this Draft Opinion, in order to implement the concept of "separation of powers" and effectively respond to the main thrust of the revision of the Rural Land Contract Law, and taking into account the great differences between the circulation of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights in terms of parties, procedures and supervision, the revised draft defines the scope of circulation, focusing on the circulation of land management rights, including leasing and equity participation, and amends the name of the regulation from the Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights to the Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights.
The transfer and exchange of land contractual management rights will be regulated by separate administrative measures.
The Opinion Draft points out that under the background of "separation of powers", farmers only have a certain period of land management rights to take shares.
In theory, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, there is only a risk that farmers will lose their right to operate for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer necessary in legal theory to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, which is also in conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to prevent the risk of farmers losing land, some methods such as preferred stock, first rent and then stock, and repurchase have emerged in practice.
Considering that the preferred stock has a relatively mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested to take it as an advocacy provision to guard against the risk of land loss.
