State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises enter the old revolutionary district of Gannan.
From 26 to 27 September, in order to deepen the development of the theme education achievements of "do not forget the first heart, remember the mission", the Central Military and Civilian Integration Office, the National Defense Bureau, the National Federation of Industry and Commerce and Industry and Industry, the joint organization of "state-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises into the old revolutionary areas of Gannan", revisit the revolutionary history, pursue the red footprint, and accelerate the development of the old enterprises in Ganzhou City.
Jin Zhuang Long, Deputy Director of the Central Military and Civilian Integration Office, Deputy Minister of the Central Command, Secretary of the National Federation of Industry and Commerce, Vice Chairman Xu Lejiang, Secretary of the National Defense Department, Zhang Keixiao, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee, and Li Bingjun, Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee, participated in the research.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include eight military industry group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co. Ltd., Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute and other 10 private enterprises, such as Rhixiang Group, and other 15 dominant private enterprises.
In the meantime, the researchers visited the Central Red Army's Long March Remembrance Park, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received the traditional education of the revolution, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army's Long March period, investigated seven enterprises and one testing center in Ganzhou City, held a thematic symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed up on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Military Equipment Industry Group Co. Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co. Ltd., Xi'an Tiantian and Defense Technology Co. Ltd., Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co. Ltd., respectively, spoke on behalf of Military Industry Group Co., Private State-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, saying that they would continue to strengthen state-owned enterprises, dominant private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Jiangxi Province and Jiangxi Province.
Through this research activity, we further understand the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas of Gannan, clarify the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, firmly establish the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the private people and start a business, and promote the transformation of the mode, structure, benefit the people's livelihood, and promote the quality and efficiency of economic development.
Beijing market regulator to carry out comprehensive law enforcement commodity prices basic stability ahead of festival
Beijing, September 27 (reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen the pre-festival market supervision and enforcement, the Beijing Market Supervision Authority inspected more than 2,000 households on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection shows that the market sells food and oil, meat, fruit, vegetables, custard and other living necessities, commodity prices are basically stable, no serious violations of the law, the market business order is stable overall.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Market Supervision Authority that the bureau is carrying out "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" activities in the city, focusing on key areas and key areas of price, industry, quality supervision, food medicine, business, business, etc.
According to the introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Market Supervision Authority, Price, Commerce, Industry, Quality Supervision, Food and Drug Administration, and other law enforcement teams are working together to cooperate closely, led by the heads of various law enforcement agencies, and grouped together to conduct joint law enforcement inspection of some of randomly selected business subjects.
In the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other content.
The Market Supervision Authority of various districts also organized joint law enforcement inspection, with more than 1,600 law enforcement officers, and inspected more than 2,000 households of various business subjects. The inspection showed that the market sold sufficient supplies of food and oil, meat, fruit, vegetables, custard and other living necessities, commodity prices were basically stable, and operators were able to abide by the law, and found serious violations of the overall market order.
The Beijing Market Supervision Authority said that during the National Day, it will strengthen emergency duty guard, continue to conduct inspection and inspection of the market, deal with all kinds of market supervision issues quickly according to law, and deal with the operating violations reflected by the public, and will strictly handle them according to law and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Cambodia's "China in My Heart" Chinese Language Competition announced
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Language Competition, themed on the 70th anniversary of New China, was announced and held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences in Cambodia on May 26.
Chinese Embassy Diplomats in Cambodia, representatives of the Association of Directors of Cambodia and China, and Wei Siyu, president of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, presented the award to the winning guests.
According to Tchak Qing, the Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences in Cambodia, the competition lasted two months and was attended by Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including special students) and college students (including social personnel).
The Chinese Embassy Diplomat in Cambodia is among the top judges of the university group, Lin Wei, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Mr Chai said that the entries were conducted in accordance with the university group and the components of primary and secondary schools. He invited senior Chinese experts in Cambodia to form a review committee to select one of the first prize, two second prize, three prize, 10 outstanding prize, and 10 outstanding prize in primary and secondary schools.
Lin Wei, a first prize winner in the university group, said that learning Chinese has been a great influence on himself for 15 years.
Through the competition, it is to describe the well-being of Cambodia under the "One Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the young generation will continue to add to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
Pictured are guests and award winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, there is a chance to express the emotion of "China in the heart" through the text of the ancestral country and win the prize.
Organizers said that through the competition, not only created a positive atmosphere of China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study Chinese and study in China.
26 (UPI) -- Iran has begun using advanced centrifuges to speed up production of enriched uranium, further violating a 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reported.
The IAEA report notes that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility are "accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium," according to comprehensive foreign media reports.
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with big powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only refine uranium with a first-generation IR-1 centrifuge.
Other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage it, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
On the afternoon of 25: 00 local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Mu Mu Mincheng held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in New York, confirming that he would promote the inclusion of the Uttar Four Islands (the disputed islands of Japan and Russia), which Russia calls the territorial issue of the "South Thousand Islands".
This is Maoki's first consultation with Russia as head of negotiations for the conclusion of the peace treaty.
Maoki told Russia that "including the promotion of common economic activities (in the northern four islands), we hope to launch a practical consultation."
The talks have not been discussed in detail on the territorial issue, according to the Japanese government.
At the December 2018 summit of Japan and Russia, the two foreign ministers confirmed their approach to accelerating the negotiations as heads of state.
At the talks, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress of the consultation on common economic activities in the areas of tourism and garbage disposal.
"We hope to succeed and make the next step," Maoki said in anticipation of the pilot operation of sightseeing tourism scheduled for October.
In addition, the talks confirmed that Lavrov would cooperate with a visit to Japan in November at a meeting of G20 foreign ministers in Nagoya.
Tui Onetoa was elected the new prime minister of Tonga.
Nukularov news: The South Pacific island nation's Tonga parliament elected the current finance and national planning minister, Pohiwa Tuioatoa, as the new prime minister of Tonga, replacing former prime minister Akilisi Pohiwa, who died of illness earlier this month.
Tonga's parliament operates a one-court system consisting of 26 MPs, according to the website of Tonga's main media, MATANGI.
In the parliamentary vote of the day, Tuiokointa received 23 votes, defeating rival deputy prime minister and minister of infrastructure and tourism, Selezi Sika, to be successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of administrative, legislative and judicial separation of powers.
Tuilagi also needs to accept the king's appointment.
The next Tonga parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
Women's volleyball team expected to defend World Cup early!
27, against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back into a city by their opponents after winning two games in a row, eventually ending a nine-game winning streak with 3: 1 remaining.
The World Cup is nearing the end of the tournament, although the title is in sight, but in the face of Serbia, the Chinese women's volleyball team must not be taken lightly.
The first two innings of the match with the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever, dropping two cities at 25: 19, 25: 16, until the third inning, the team suffered a setback.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened their serve in the backfield, the Chinese team suffered a shock, and the girls began to attack, and mistakes began to increase, eventually being pulled back to the city by their opponents at 21: 25.
After the game, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "The third inning, because of the error we sent about eight points."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated, the Chinese women's volleyball team was prepared for difficulties before the match, although losing a game, but everything is still in Lang Ping's hands. "It is normal to win the game with the strong team, and it is normal to play five games, so we say to focus on the team," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth inning, the team actively adjusted, Zhang Changning in the offensive end firepower all open, the single game got eight points, for the team to win big.
The 11-round confrontation so far has only two rounds left, and while the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it does ring alarm bells for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the game against the Dutch: The more critical moments, the more effort.
In another game on May 27, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played five games, and the U.S. team failed to take all three points from their opponents, so that the Chinese women's volleyball team could defend its title in advance by taking all three points against Serbia.
Everything is moving in the interests of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, while Serbia's six major teams are missing, it does not mean they will give the Chinese team three points easily.
In the form of the current tally, the Serbian team has largely lost medals, meaning they can "play lightly" against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down the burden to hit their opponents, and the Chinese team is under pressure to win the title, but the state may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a "slaughtered" lamb, after five games with the Dutch, the Serbian team eventually reversed the Dutch all-important lineup 3: 2, thus showing the depth of its lineup.
Before the third stage of the game, Lang Ping also said that the two teams are not good to deal with: "Osaka will be very difficult, we still have to as usual, carefully prepared."
Now that the trumpet of the defending title has blown, the game has really entered the "white heat stage."
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above their opponents, only the final crunch, but also to see if the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the court.
The University of Macau held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" today (27) to attract more than 100 experts and scholars from countries and regions such as the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau to engage in the field of "external stem cell" research, and share and explore the latest technologies and development of stem cell research with teachers and students in Macao universities.
Ge Wei, vice president of the University of Australia (Research), said stem cell research was of medical value and one of the key scientific research projects of the University of Australia.
As a leading international comprehensive university in the West Bank of the Tai Wan District of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, the University is committed to building a talent training base and scientific and technological innovation center in the West Bank of Tai Wan District.
The seminar brought together research experts from stem cells at home and abroad to share the latest technology that will help promote stem cell research and development in Macau.
The University of Australia has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also improved in the number and quality of its papers, and the University has made great achievements in stem cell research, said Mr Tang, president of the University of Australia's School of Health Sciences.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared the frontier knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and president of the Primate Transformation School of Science and Technology at Yunnan Kunming University of Science and Technology, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture systems to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro. Jing Nai Wo, a researcher at the Shanghai Biochemical Cell Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained how the mouse embryonic cell lines of embryonic colonization decided to use time and time and space and space and time.
Xu Yan, Vice President (Research) of the University of Australia's School of Health Sciences, Assistant Dean Chen Guokai and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Australian Institute of Greater China Medicine, also introduced the important results of their latest publication.
"The Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" is hosted by the University of Macau School of Health Sciences, the Chinese Medicine Institute of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory of Quality Research at the University of Macau and the University of Macau.
There are 11 academic reports on embryo development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, mechanism research and transformation applications of stem cells, biological materials and applications.
The seminar was a warm atmosphere, with participants actively discussing and sharing the latest research and views of relevant technologies.
Xu Yan and said the seminar provided a platform for stem cell experts in Tai Wan District and other areas to communicate and cooperate, and also provided students with valuable learning opportunities.
The award ceremony of the People's Republic of China's National Medal and National Honor will be held again.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal of Honor and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People.
XI Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and president of the Central Military Commission, will award the Republic Medal of Friendship and the National Honor Medal of Honor to the National Medal of Honor and make a major speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal of Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10: 00 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the Republic Medal.
The "Republic Medal" is dominated by red and gold tones. The Zhang body adopts the elements of the national emblem, pentagram, Yellow River, Yangtze River, Peak, Peony, etc., and the whole use of cold pressure molding, filament mosaic, enamel, etc.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The Order of Friendship is dominated by gold and blue tones. The Zhang uses the elements of peace pigeon, earth, handshake, lotus, etc., and the Chain adopts the elements of Chinese knot, youth, peony, jade and blue grass. The whole use of silk mosaic, silk enamel and other traditional crafts to symbolize the development of friendship between the Chinese people and the world.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Medal of Honor is mainly red and gold in color. Zhang uses five stars, Tiananmen Square, Peony, Pony, Flag, Light and other elements. Zhang Chain uses Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. The overall use of cold pressure molding, filament mosaic and enamel making, symbolizing the national honorary title recipients in various fields to make a great contribution to the national rejuvenation of the Chinese people.
The Central Radio and Television Radio and Xinhua Network will broadcast the ceremony live, the People's Network, CCTV Network, China Network and other central key news websites and People's Daily clients, Xinhua clients, CCTV news clients and other new media platforms.
"For 70 years, the deterrence and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological advantages," Stoltenberg said in a speech at West Point in the United States.
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said: "We are getting more and more competitive.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will surpass us, "he said.
"Some of the new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries," he said.
Chinese companies are studying the 5G network.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in developing the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles, "he said.
Stoltenberg said NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, the "One Boat Ticket to Take Me to See" charity aid event was held at the head of Orange Chau in Changsha, where more than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Chau Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who attended the event boarded the cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is an arthropod, because of the lack of movement of his feet, usually rarely go out.
"Today, the first cruise ship, close appreciation of the magnificent Xiangjiang River, feel the pulse of Changsha's development, the mood is very excited and unforgettable," he said.
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team in Changsha provided a nuanced service for the disabled.
Particularly for people with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them up and down the cruise line.
Over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of disabled people in Changsha has been developing and improving, and more and more disabled people have become truly participants, contributors and hedonists in social and economic development.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary, and the spotlight of the media has shone on many ordinary images that we don't remember much, glittering - it is them that bring heat and light sources to our shiny days....
However, if the hero walks around, also seems ordinary like you like me.
Yuan Longping, dive into rice research, produce a good variety throughout the world, let a dozen million people not be hungry and graceful, the work is not great, this is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk around the field; Nan Yan Dong, diligently let China "see the sky," a lifetime of scientists, a lifetime of cold bread, a lifetime in the state. The old man in the stockade is no different; Zhou Ruchang, a Red Scientist, a late village boy, to the old still like the red son, to the west, to the west, to the west, to speak of learning to the heart of the meeting, like to laugh; Qin Yi, a red half day, in the plateau of the film of the seven hours of the year. Unknown old handmaid...
They, benevolent and simple, simple and persistent, as long as they immerse themselves in the cause of strangers who are confused, they will easily be happy, do not care about the name of the bridle, rich and glorious.
Like Jin Yong's novel, Shaolin Temple, the sweeping monk, despite the world of martial arts, not dazzle, no joy, no sorrow.
Every "sweep of the land monk", every pair of bare heart, behind the back of a share of my own country to bear.
The family bear, not only on the shoulder of the hero, but also in the palm of millions of people.
Once, a female middle school student's words, by the netizen crazy, "when the hero passes, always someone to sit on the side of the road to applaud... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting on the side of the road to applaud
In fact, when the hero and the hero to applaud, is not contradictory.
Roadside clapping people, also passing heat and light, are luminous themselves.
Ordinary as you like me, there are always some opportunities in life, some moments, there is a kind of accumulation of days, also in the shape of the hero.
Shanghai's outstanding judge, Zou Bi Hua, shoulders the burden of judicial reform, but at the annual meeting let the master of the transfer room come to tell his story, a year has received countless newspaper letters, from no mistake, "to do simple things well, is not simple," Zou Bi Hua led the judges to give the applause to the old monk.
This is the love between the heroes, is one hero is applauding another hero.
The Sweep Monk has Shaolin Temple, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nan Yan Dong has "sky eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit...... can be a hero, not only by his own efforts, but also have a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China Eye," now it seems, is a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese tech community was still climbing hard, and the novelist Liu Cixin has not written "Three Body."
At that time, the bovine "eye," a single-caliber radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico, Arecibo, 350 meters in diameter, was considered the "unsurpassed" world's most.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less than a tenth of a diameter.
Nan Yan Dong, who enjoys world-class research conditions and salaries in Japan, insists on returning home and bringing back a near-crazy idea: building a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more information from outer space!
China is a waste of time, investment is to play the stars?
The motherland trusts Nan Yan Dong, "Eye of Heaven" project to open the curtain.
It took 12 years to choose the site, and nine years to complete the project.
With the opening of the 500-meter "Eye in the Sky", China has made a great scientific project without precedent and "unique to the world."
So, "Eye of Heaven" is great, Nan Yan East is great, there is a big, standing tall looking Republic is great.
With the trust of the state, the goodwill of the people, the Nan Yan East has a chance to become the soul of the people of the country.
There are young talent, white hair hero affable to walk past, there are people on the side of the road gently clap, such a country, very beautiful and harmonious.
Waste Classification Education First Jilin Kindergarten Environmental Ideas From the Doll
27, a kindergarten in Jilin, Jilin Province, conducted a garbage classification education class to teach young children to distinguish recyclable waste from other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time garbage classification has entered the local preschool education class
Recently, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the Jilin Province to promote the classification of urban living waste treatment work plan.
Based on the pilot of mandatory classification of living waste in Changchun in 2019, the province decided to carry out the classification of living waste in ground-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this event, we will realize the effect of children driving families, kindergartens driving society and advocating environmental protection ideas.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of the International Kindergarten, said.
On the same day, the garden leader read out an environmental initiative, hoping that garbage classification would start with the child.
After performing the "Low Carbon Bei Bei" dance, the children grouped into garbage classification small games.
The instructors also issued "recyclable" "other garbage" stickers, advising children to stick them to trash cans and record small videos when they go home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has been advocating low carbon, green environmental protection concept, regular opening of environmental lecture hall.
A classifiable trash can is also set up at the garbage drop in the garden, which is marked with a category of drop.
Teacher teaches children what can be recycled waste geese
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of urban living waste produced in Jilin Province in 2018 is about  52 million tons, all of which go into the living waste disposal site.
Among them, health landfill  29 million tons, burning  23 million tons, taking comprehensive utilization technology to deal with 8.01 million tons.
After many years of efforts, all the cities and counties in the province have the ability to handle the garbage innocently.
In the Jilin Province, the Jilin Province has been issued to promote the classification and treatment of urban living waste, and explicitly calls for the thorough development of garbage classification on campus, teaching materials and classroom activities, through the creation of garbage classification songs, ballads, cartoons, microvideos, and other works, to strengthen the interaction between students and parents, to achieve "an impact on the education of a new family, the development of a new person."
Data released by Mazda on September 27 showed global sales of  vehicles in August.
Sales in China fell 21 per cent as a result of the lack of new cars and reduced price cuts.
Japan's domestic sales fell 6 per cent, with limited demand for the last bus before a consumer tax hike in October.
Mazda sold  vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13 per cent lower than the previous year, with sales continuing to decline.
Sales of China's dedicated main SUV, "CX-4," fell 14 percent.
"CX-4" s 2016 listing has been a long time in the past, with new cars declining in effect.
Because standing in the long-term perspective to improve the brand value strategy and reduce the price, it is reported to also have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States rose 7 percent year on year to  vehicles, up 14 months apart.
The August seller's business day was one more day than the previous year, combined with "enhanced promotional activities such as Mazda," which boosted sales of SUVs such as CX-5.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6 per cent to  vehicles.
The company said the emergency rush before the tax increase was "not as high as it was last (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio (Demio)" have declined.
Chirac ’ s Death ’ s Political Legacy
26 local time, former French President Jacques Chirac passed away at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in the midst of a century of unprecedented change, the French politician ’ s legacy of politics, when he was in office, is still worth our praise.
Chirac has been president of France for 12 years in a highly personal way.
He inherited both the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullist and his strong support for European integration, and was a representative of the “European dream. ”
At the same time, he is also a strong advocate of world multipolarity and multilateralism, a politician with a strategic vision.
That is why the French media rated him as "France's outstanding representative on the world stage."
One of Chirac's promising political decisions is to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined Germany in fighting American pressure and was at the forefront of the anti-war.
A year after the war broke out, he predicted that the Iraq war would lead to increased terrorist activity and make the world more dangerous.
As it turned out, Chirac ’ s warning was correct.
At a time when European integration is mired in confusion and America ’ s unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac ’ s strategic thinking and choices about international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightenment.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and friendly.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the “golden decade ” of China-France relations, and in 1995, when he was first elected president of France, he promoted the rapid development of China-France relations with a politician ’ s strategic vision.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac ’ s administration, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and cooperation between the two countries in various fields, such as aviation, nuclear and rail transport, made breakthrough progress.
The Chirac Initiative's Year of Chinese and French Culture has created a new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's life has been particularly impressive for the love of Chinese culture.
According to his Chinese diplomat, Chirac can memorize some of Li Bai and Du Fu's poems and even accurately judge the historical age of the Chinese Bronze Age.
"Not to see the pyramids not really to Egypt, not to see the Terracotta Warriors not really to China" - this golden sentence is from Chirac.
"The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political standing internationally," Chirac said in an interview with Xinhua reporters.
But I am confident in China.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization and has enough experience to help it build ideas and values for harmonious development and take on its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time, "he said.
I also believe that China's rejuvenation will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The man is gone, but Chirac's political legacy and inspiration to the world will last forever.
The "Seventh China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference", with the theme "Digital Gathering Valley and the Future", was unveiled in Wuhan on May 27, with nearly a thousand experts and industry leaders in the field of big data research focusing on big data hotspots and interpreting the technological process of big data in the age of artificial intelligence.
Organized by the China Computer Society (CCF), the CCF Committee of Big Data Experts and the University of Science and Technology of China jointly organized five guest reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums to discuss the research achievements of big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data visualization, big data and big data exchange.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference has been developed into a major scientific research achievement exchange and the most influential data academic conference in the country. The content of the conference has been extended to basic theory, technical application and other fields.
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Legislative Council Members join forces to oppose US approach to Hong Kong bill
The Legislative Council of the HKSAR, part of the establishment of the Legislative Council, issued a joint statement on 27 December expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the foreign committees of both houses of Congress.
The statement, by the 40 establishment members of the Joint Agency, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are vested by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of free trade ports and separate customs zones, and in different areas of the economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports, in the name of "Hong Kong, China" to sign bilateral cooperation and bilateral agreements with different countries and regions around the world.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
Hong Kong has always strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and commercial ethics, and has been engaged in business with different countries and regions to participate in many relevant fields of cooperation.
The statement said it was not necessary for the foreign committees of both houses of the United States to pass the bill, only to respond to the call of their Hong Kong agents as a means of violently intervening in Hong Kong's internal affairs and seeking political leverage for their agents in Hong Kong.
The establishment lawmakers expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the move by the United States.
The statement noted that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's fine rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the US passes this bill, in addition to fighting Hong Kong and the US itself, it will make China-US relations worse, with no benefit and damage.
The statement said Hong Kong would, as always, unwaveringly implement the "one country, two systems" approach, continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law and effectively fulfill its obligations.
Whether past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and to international commerce.
The two houses of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, the European Times reported on Sunday.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone," but at the same time try to "properly accept."
Macron is trying to find a halfway line on immigration to slow the impact of the upcoming debate, the report said.
In an interview on the sidelines of the General Debate of the General Assembly in New York, Macron said he hoped there would be a real "two-pronged" programme on immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarian and efficiency.
Macron said: "If France wants to be able to properly accommodate (migrants), it cannot accept everyone."
Macron cited four priorities of immigration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting integration more efficiently; hosting and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement of those who enter France illegally and are unfit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the National Medical Assistance (AME) system is the most discussed topic in the past.
Macron said he hoped to be able to "assess" the system but not remove it, but put some restrictions on it.
After Macron ’ s remarks, Marine Le Pen, leader of the far-right “National Alliance, ” tweeted that Macron ’ s announcement was“ empty talk. ”
Right-wing Republican Party member and Senate Speaker Ryan Rascher also said immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderating" but "realistic" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Leftist Socialist Party MP Mr Varau believes France should "take on more and better" on immigration and criticised Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act, which has been in place for a year, has led to disagreements within the ruling party, but has not been able to appease right-wing opposition parties, the report
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again be the focus of attacks on the far right, and Macron needs to make a difference on the issue, but also risk angering the ruling party's internal left.
The lower house of France's National Assembly will reportedly debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2.
There are signs that China's A shares are entering a "buyback wave," with many listed companies taking out "real gold and silver" to buy back company shares.
As of 27 days, the total amount of repurchase and implementation of A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, same as below), far exceeding the previous year's data for the same period, a record high in the amount of repurchase of A-share shares, according to statistics from financial data service provider Oriental Wealth.
In response, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mekorong Information Consulting Co. Ltd., said the overall valuation of the A-share market was low this year and that buying back shares at relatively low prices would help listed companies improve the efficiency of capital use, as well as the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market capitalization and abundant cash flow, which would help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share buyback system has also promoted the listed companies to actively buy back shares.
At the beginning of this year, for example, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued the implementation rules for repurchase of shares of listed companies, providing detailed rules and guidelines for share buybacks.
According to media statistics, since this year, listed companies that have implemented additional buyback programs have focused on infrastructure, real estate, information technology, and electronic equipment manufacturing.
In addition, from the amount of buyback payments, six listed companies have bought back more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, the top was Erie shares, which were bought back for more than $5 billion.
What impact will listed companies' buyback have on the market?
In an interview with Chinese news agency, Zhao Sijun, vice president of the School of Finance and Finance at Renmin University of China, said the buyback shows that listed companies have strong economic strength and better financial position, ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, responsible for the market and responsible for investors.
The former is based on the company's good business performance, the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For capital markets, this is all at the heart of the underlying element.
The repo of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and supporting the stock price of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities Research Report, the increment of the repurchase of shares in the A-share market is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan this year, according to the forecast number of share buybacks set by the A-share listed company as a whole since the beginning of this year, and the average price of repurchased shares.
In the past two months, the restoration of the Great Wall of Tianhau Palace in Tianjin, a key civil security unit, was announced to end on May 26 and will reopen to the public during this year's National Day.
The "Tin Shui Wai" is a large traditional mural that reflects Mazu's life.
Approved by the state authorities, Cai Changqui, director of the original Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhau Palace), was painted from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that the mural was painted on the southern and northern walls of the main temple of the Temple of Heaven, 32 meters long, 2.6 meters high, two parts up and down, with more than 30 stories, such as the birth of the day, the crossing of the sea, the feather rise of the sky, and 358 characters reproduced the story of Mazu's life.
Cai Changqui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter, which "a wet one" has led to a rupture in the mural, which accounts for 60% of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and rescue Ma Zu story murals, Tianjin Nankai District Ancient Culture Street Management Committee and the Temple of Heaven launched the restoration project of the Temple of Heaven and Temple murals.
The restoration project, led by Cai Changqui, invited four famous national painters to participate.
The restoration work in accordance with the principle of 'old as old', but also the original mural has been adjusted to the local content, the mural was not perfect place to complement the restoration.
In restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, ink and so on.
After restoration, the original mural has maintained the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style.
The Temple of Heaven was built in , the original name of the Princess of Heaven, commonly known as the Lady's Palace, after many reconstructions, is the oldest complex in downtown Tianjin and one of the earliest Mazu temples in China in the existing years.
On September 25, the launch ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
The shape of Beijing Daxing International Airport Terminal Building means "Phoenix wings", known as the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded, with 100 million + passengers shipped last year, becoming the second airport in the world to have passenger throughput of more than 100 million passengers in the second year after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
By 2022, passenger throughput at Beijing's Daxing International Airport is expected to reach 45 million passengers and 20% of international flights; passenger throughput will reach 72 million by 2025 and international flights are expected to reach 30%.
As the "new door", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Beijing Daxing District and Langfang City, Hebei Province, and is 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square, the largest new airport in the world.
The roof of its terminal building has a steel structure with a surface projection area of 180,000 square meters, the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal building with two arrival layers and two departure floors - the F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure, international departure.
The double bridge connecting the high speed and the airport outside the terminal building corresponds to the terminal building F3, F4 - the international departure upper level, the domestic departure two floors can be.
Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "double airport".
As of now, 66 airlines have the intention to enter Beijing Daxing International Airport, 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong and Macao Taiwan regions and foreign airlines have been approved.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes; covering 112 global destinations, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This and Beijing Capital International Airport form a coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness of the "double hub" airport pattern, both to ease the operational pressure of the capital airport capacity saturation, and to better meet the urgent need of rapid air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and to effectively enhance the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport fully considers the relationship between geographical location, airport and surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in the country, the airport runway has adopted a "full-directional" layout, adopted the world's largest air control system, established China's largest terminal control area, and can maximize the efficiency of aviation operation.
For the first time, airports of this size in China have used localized baggage automatic processing and information management system, adopted innovative baggage transfer mode, and improved the efficiency of baggage system processing.
Beijing Daxing International Airport's first flight, foreshadowing Phoenix wings to dazzle cool takeoff.
The new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic first, with a national production rate of more than 98%, will have a direct and indirect economic impact on the surrounding industries and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Wah tentatively convenes in November to be transferred to the age of 16
Ma Hua tentatively convened a central congress in early November to amend the party constitution to reduce the age of entry to the party to 16.
As Congress passes to cut the voting age for the general election, Ma announced that he would convene the 66th Central Congress this year to propose changes to the party constitution, including a cut in Ma's entry age from the existing 18 to 16.
Mr Ma said the Central Committee had been scheduled to hold a central congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but the date of the General Assembly could change because of the by-election of the seats in Danube.
He said that since the Electoral Commission will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and voting day of the by-election for the seat of Danube, they will meet the following day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's central congress.
He also explained that yesterday (26) the aim of the Central Committee was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the Party Constitution, only to have just happened to meet the tragic death of Nadok Mohamane, a member of the Indigenous Unity Party, and thus join the agenda of the by-election.
Wang Bo Xiang, Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province - Fu Min Chizi Heart - Xinhua Insight
Wang Bo Xiang, Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943 and took part in the work in 1967, having served as party secretary of the township party, county party secretary, mayor and other functions.
In 1986, Wang Bo Xiang was secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province, when Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
In the five years of Shouguang, Wang Bo Xiang has done three things: one is to promote the industrialization of vegetables; the other is to develop Shoubei saline beach; the other is to make the foundation for the industry, so that the Shouguang people have raised their pockets and built up their backs.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of planting vegetables, as well as a lesson in planting vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers planted vegetables but could not sell them, rotten in the field.
Wang Bo Xiang research found that the key to catching vegetables is to make good circulation.
Shouguang pioneered the establishment of the vegetable wholesale market and opened the prelude to the development of market economy.
Party cadres should take the lead, screw up, and lose all the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Bo Xiang, 17 Party members, such as Wang Lai Yi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 winter warm vegetable sheds, which emerged as 17 "double million yuan households."
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion team, under Wang Bo Xiang's mobilization, Wang Lai Yi in various townships tour guidance; in the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were promoted, after which the vegetable sheds began to spread like a prairie fire across the county and even the country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, in addition to saline and alkali beaches, is shallow sea beach.
The local people live very hard.
Shounan has a vegetable shed, Shoubei how to do?
Wang Bo Xiang organized a hundred thousand people to fight the General Assembly, camped on the base beach, one dry is four or fifty days.
Wang Bo Xiang and the leading cadres in the county eat and live on the site, like migrant workers, with strollers, and the common people see them all give their thumbs and admire their eyes..... when Shoubei developed 150,000 mu shrimp pool, 200,000 mu of salt fields, 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed "salt basin".
In July 1986, Wang Bo Xiang first attended the Weifang Industrial Conference as secretary of the county party.
During the meeting, the next "Weifang City 12 County City Industrial Economic Digital Comparison Table", at first glance industrial output value, Shouguang is still good, ranked fourth.
But if the original salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output is only 190 million yuan, the bottom third.
Wang Bo Xiang, with a group of more than 70 people, ran to the field to "change his mind."
Back in less than a year, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Since then, each year, the organization "take the tour", to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai and other places to take the passage.
Shouguang lacks enterprises, more entrepreneurs.
Wang Bo Xiang chaired a special meeting: in the county open selection of the director manager, 40 "enterprising able people" stand out, have been pushed into the industry line.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the country's top 100 counties, Wang Bo Xiang transferred to Weifang deputy mayor.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds,  enterprises, more than 100,000 "Wanyuan households", a line of cadres recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our Bo Xiang Clerk".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi hosted a meeting of foreign ministers of China and the Council's African member states at the UN headquarters in New York
Current African Council member Ivorian Foreign Minister Tano, Equatorial Guinea Foreign Minister Oyo Ojono, South African Foreign Minister Pando Pandor and waiting member Niger Foreign Minister Kala, Tunisian Foreign Minister Jishevi attended the meeting.
Wang Yi made four suggestions on strengthening China-Africa cooperation in the Security Council.
First, by solidarity.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism, with the immediate consequence being the challenge of the basic norms of international relations, the impact of the role of the United Nations, and the harm to the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To address this challenge, it will take Central Africa to hold hands and shoulder to shoulder, and unity will have strength.
In the Security Council, Africa ’ s three countries speak in one voice, focusing on not just three votes, but the entire continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit, influence and shape the Security Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Council to fully use it.
Second, settle disputes by consultation.
China has always advocated political settlement of hot issues, and Africa has a good tradition of consultation and experience of successful good offices of African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the Council ’ s agenda, particularly in Africa ’ s hot spots, are mostly the bane of colonialism, and some are directly related to external factors.
Together, we should use Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations to play the role of the United Nations in good offices, mediation and so on.
Third, rely on self-reliance.
African countries and people know the problems of Africa best, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its problems.
In dealing with Africa ’ s hot issues, the Council should focus on listening and respecting Africa ’ s wishes, play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with the African side and firmly promote the capacity building of independent and peaceful action in Africa.
Fourth, development is fundamental.
China and the African countries are developing countries, and we should insist on putting economic and social development first and supporting each other's chosen path of development.
China is ready to work together to build the “One Belt, One Road ” with the AU Agenda , the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development in 2030, and African development strategies to help African countries strengthen their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
Together, we should push the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola outbreak in Congo has re-erupted, and China has and will continue to do its utmost to provide human and material assistance within its means, and is ready to coordinate action with African countries to mobilize the United Nations and WHO to increase their assistance and play a good role in the United Nations stability mission in Congo (Kim).
Neonatal division and other relay to save small lives.
Shocking!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack, and on the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby couldn't wait to be born in Dad's car.
Fortunately, obstetrics and new pediatricians handled it in a timely manner, and the relay saved this small life.
Unfortunately, on the 19th, 20th and 21st days, the maternity and neonatal departments of Hubei Province received three premature babies on the road for three consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 first aid vehicles, both 29 weeks premature.
Ms. Cheng, a second-born pregnant woman, felt a little pain in her stomach at 7: 00 a.m. on September 19, thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and that the first was premature. She packed up her supplies and prepared to take a bath and go straight to the hospital.
At 9: 30 p.m., Ms. Cheng packed up and drove her husband from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I didn't think the car had just left the house soon, the baby couldn't wait to be born in Dad's car deputy.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the maternity and gynecology building in Hubei Province.
Hospital security saw the flustered couple and baby, immediately informed the maternity ward, deputy chief doctor Zhang Huan and other four doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan took the birth bag and umbilical cord disc to rush downstairs.
"At the time, the mother was half lying on the car, under the body of amniotic fluid and blood water, a baby boy was next to him, with the umbilical cord attached."
Zhang Huan asked to learn that the baby was a 32-week premature baby, parents did not have time to cover the package, early autumn morning had a cool feeling, he was cold skin pale, did not cry, limbs collapsed.
Liu Yanyan rushed to the deputy to deal with the umbilical cord for the baby, Zhang Huan from the cab drilled in, quickly opened the birth bag, wrapped the child with the inside treatment towel and the bag of cloth to keep warm, and clean the airway for the newborn (pictured), then carried the baby to the 12th floor of the neonatal division.
When the neonatal medical care learned of the news, immediately rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby.
At the time, the baby was purple, had asphyxiated hypoxia, the doctor immediately gave him a trachea intubation, less than a minute, the baby resumed heartbeat, the skin color gradually returned rosy, the recovery successful.
After admission, the 32-week baby was put on a ventilator and was successfully removed the next day after sustained rescue.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, has begun to breastfeed a small amount.
Unfortunately, on 19, 20, 21 days, the hospital's obstetrics and neonatal unit received three premature babies on the road for three consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 first aid vehicles, both 29 weeks premature, and are currently being actively treated in the neonatal department.
In recent years, many babies born on the subway and in private cars have been received by women and children in the province, which can threaten the life and safety of their mothers and children.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should immediately come to the hospital once they have abdominal pain, broken water, see red and so on.
In case of basin at home or on the road, the mother should lie flat, put a blanket under her buttock, etc., to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after birth, and the child should be kept warm immediately after birth and be sent to hospital as soon as possible.
Yuen New Aviation Technology Company officially opens
The creation of VSTEA is one of the refinements of the memorandum of cooperation signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aeropostale in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and maintenance company.
Two first-class aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore have worked together to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and maintenance services to domestic and foreign airlines.
The company's joint partner, ST Engineering Aeropostale, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world, said Yang Zhicheng, general manager of the company.
Yue believes that the cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and the beginning of a broad future partnership between the two sides.
ST Engineering Aeropostale president Lim Serh Ghee said the sharing of experience with ST Engineering would help the company provide international level maintenance and maintenance services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Yue to join the potential for a wide range of aircraft equipment maintenance and maintenance markets.
At the same time, we welcome the opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
Thus better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: Manufacturing industry has become the focus of global major countries - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency Hefei, September 27 (Xinhua) -- The National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform in Hefei, Anhui, released the White Paper on the Global Manufacturing Innovation Index.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention in major countries around the world.
This is what reporters learned at the Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum of the World Manufacturing Congress in Hefei in 2019.
The Forum focuses on intellectual property rights to promote China's manufacturing upgrading, from the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro-perspective of corporate practice, explores the innovative initiatives of intellectual property operation and protection in the manufacturing sector in a comprehensive way, discusses the hot topic of intellectual property protection in manufacturing, continuously improves the quality use of intellectual property rights, and accelerates the construction of intelligent upgrading of manufacturing industry.
The forum invited the State Intellectual Property Office, scholars of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to give advice on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration issued the Patent Navigation Anhui Province Innovation Development Quality Analysis Evaluation Report. According to the results of the Patent Navigation Area Innovation Quality Development Index, the 2018 Patent Navigation Area Innovation Quality Development Index ranked eighth in 31 provinces and cities in the country, and the fourth in the index of innovation elements.
This forum is hosted by the People's Government of Anhui Province, the Anhui Province Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
Multiple Olympic champions to attend the opening ceremony today
Multiple Olympic champions attend the opening ceremony with the teenage choir singing "Me and My Country"
The 2019 China Open tennis tournament will officially open today at the National Tennis Center, and a short and grand opening will be held before the evening's first game, with several Olympic champions and sports celebrities gathered at the Diamond Stadium to attend the opening ceremony, with guests and spectators singing with the children of the Junior Choir and the Chinese Chorus.
In the next nine days, including the eleventh Golden Week, Beijing will again welcome a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will be a good place for fans to holiday.
Since its inception in 2004, the Chinese Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn events, the 16th this year.
And the total prize money for this year's midnet event was another record high of $11.16 million.
The total prize for the women's crown is $ million, and the latter two women's singles matches are 96 signings compared to the Indian Wins and Miami, while the middle net is 60 signings, so for the players, the net competition is more "cost-effective."
The overall prize for the men's ATP500 division is at an all-time high, up from $3.4 million last year to $3.52 million, with the bonus number continuing to lead the ATP500 division race, while the total prize for the ATP500 Tokyo Station that same week was about $2 million.
There will be a short and grand opening before the first game scheduled for Central Stadium tonight.
In addition to leading and some players at tonight's opening ceremony, there will be 10 top performers from all fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The first game of the Central Stadium, scheduled after the opening ceremony, was a WTA first-round match, played by Chinese Golden Flower Peng Shuai against Russian Kassagina, and the second game was challenged by American rookie Sofia Canning to challenge 2015 women's singles champion Muguruza to open the 2019 tournament.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
Buckingham Palace announced on May 26 that Britain's Princess Beatrice and Mozzie were engaged, according to the British newspaper Metro.
Mozi is known to be a 34-year-old Italian billionaire who works mainly in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon in 2020.
Princess Beatrice, the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, ranked fifth in the British throne succession order and was hailed as the "most beautiful unmarried princess in the world."
The Duchess of York, 26, posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr Mozi are engaged."
The British side said the two were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement was photographed by Beatrice's sister, Eugenie.
'we are very happy to share the news of our engagement, 'the pair said in a statement.
We are excited to be on the journey of life together, and we can't wait to get married.
We have a lot of similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable in the years to come, full of love and happiness.
A free throw up to three points?
Beijing time 27, the NBA Development League announced a trial of the new rules, each free throw only one shot, the score is determined by the foul situation.
O'Neal was among NBA stars with a low free-throw percentage.
The new rules stipulate that two points can be scored for two fouls, three points for three fouls, and one for a foul.
The final two minutes of the regular time and the overtime game, along with the previous penalty rules.
Although the new season is only piloted in the NBA Development League, fans are more concerned about the impact on current players if the rules are implemented in the NBA.
At the moment, many believe that the new rules may be good for "Big Beard" Harden, and that the penalty is relatively good James is going to "suffer."
Wuhan to promote intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to give up to 20 million yuan subsidy
Since this year, the city has accelerated the intelligent transformation of industry and implemented a maximum of 20 million yuan in transformation subsidies, the reporter learned from the "New China Welcome Military Games" series of press conferences held by the Wuhan government press office.
Up to now, more than 800 scale industrial enterprises have been collected intelligent transformation demand information.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Economic and Information Bureau, said that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free advisory diagnostic services and solutions for industrial enterprises over the scale of demand, and promoting a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan City openly selects a number of specialized diagnostic services each year, through the opening of columns, questionnaire survey, door-to-door report, and other forms, to carry out intelligent transformation demand census for all industrial enterprises of more than the city.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises have collected intelligent transformation demand information, accounting for nearly a third of the city's size and more than a third of industrial enterprises.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter the enterprise in batches to carry out "one-to-one" field assessment and programme argumentation.
At present, the city is organizing 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total investment of  billion yuan, Hongxin Communications China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola National Leading Intelligent Mobile Line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory, Aerospace Engineering's first batch satellite production line, the world's leading intelligent production line of intelligent products and intelligent production lines.
In addition, Wuhan City also increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, according to their actual completion of investment; including equipment hardware investment, R  D soft investment, give 8%, up to 20 million yuan of transformation subsidies.
At the same time, active joint venture, Zhejiang and Zhejiang Merchants Bank Wuhan Branch and other financial institutions, specializing in the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to provide personalized financial services, vigorously alleviate the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau "collapses," can he succeed in re-election
This time, it was Trudeau who stumbled out of the "pit" that he dug himself a little bit.
In recent days, Canadian media have revealed several old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau dressing himself as a black figure.
This is seen as an obvious act of racial discrimination, which is causing a stir in Canada.
After it happened, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian public does not buy much.
Trudeau was able to lift the stone and hit himself on the foot.
As political critic Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the “anti-blackface movement ” from the US, Trudeau and the federal Liberal Party have been high-profile critics of the opposition or dissent in the party, and have repeatedly threatened that“ whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately. ”
Simply put, this time, Trudeau stumbled out of a "big pit" that Trudeau himself dug a little bit out of.
Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was young and handsome and had a whirlwind of "political icons" when he first came out of the way.
Originally a “political vegetarian, ” he took over as head of the federal Liberal Party in a surprise battle in the 2015 federal legislative election in Canada – the federal Liberal Party, which has more than half the seats in the federal lower house, and has gained valuable individual cabinet rights.
At the time, Trudeau proposed many of the most impressive platforms and ideas, such as “ethnic and gender equality ”“ ecological environmental protection ” “economic revitalization, ” stressing the elimination of corruption and“ bad winds. ”
However, for five years in office, he has been "high and low" in almost all of these aspects.
Take the issue of "ethnic and gender equality," aside from the "blackface" incident, which followed a series of "lip service" on aboriginal issues, allowing Aboriginal groups and leaders to move the protest tent to the Congress Heights gate on the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
In the fight against corruption, at the beginning of last year, Trudeau was involved in the boiling "Lansing Incident".
It was exposed, to his hometown construction company "Lan Wanling" major violations of favoritism fraud, to the department and officials in charge of the investigation, the latter "high praise."
Moreover, Trudeau has moved to anger at officials who have disclosed the ills – Wang Chauddy, the former mentioned, was the then-Canadian attorney general who pioneered the disclosure of the ills and directly handled the cases.
Although there are doubts in the case itself, it is difficult to wash away the suspicion.
Many observers point out that Trudeau ’ s five years in office have collapsed, mainly because of his own “pit, ” and that the biggest“ pit ” is “the tiger ’ s tail ” and“ the law, ” which is lenient.
Canada's most authoritative Anguy-Reid poll data shows that since 2015, respondents who supported Trudeau have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their party leaders have performed equally poorly, even a significant proportion of voters who are still willing to vote for the federal Liberal Party are now dismissive of the federal prime minister and the ruling party leader.
On October 21, when the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin, can Trudeau repeat the repertoire of his sweeping victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Hard.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration, Beijing-Jin-Ji development integration, all have profound influence and positive significance.
Beijing Daxing International Airport officially opened on September 25.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the capital airport is in a state of ultra-saturated operation and the opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city with two airports in China. It is similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs and Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more differentiated services to different domestic and international aviation operations.
Daxing airport navigation, from the point of view of business development, for the capital airport more is a good impact.
Capital Airport's passenger throughput exceeded 100 million passengers in 2018, the highest in the country, but there is still a significant lack of capacity, especially for international routes, compared with rapid business demand.
In order to better serve the needs of passenger travel and travel at home and abroad, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and 4 million tons of cargo throughput in the future.
Therefore, the two airport positioning does not overlap, targeting different customer groups, also have sufficient market space.
From the economic level, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, easing the tension of Beijing's aviation capacity, accelerating the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and creating an incremental cake for the capital's aviation double-core operation.
From a user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to focus on travel at the Capital Airport in the future, but also to reduce the number of problems caused by excessive concentration of routes.
According to the media's estimates of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, if you start from the South Five Ring Road directly to Daxing Airport at high speed, you can get to Daxing Airport in 50 minutes. The price of oil is about 40 yuan, 15 yuan for high speed; and the choice of the rail transit subway line is 20 yuan, depending on the distance of Beijing and 30 yuan. It takes more than 20 minutes for West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
Overall, there are a variety of transportation options for citizens to go to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a more reasonable range.
From the point of view of trend development: Daxing airport is a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, so it is a little distance from Beijing city, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates more people to travel, which is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, Hebei and Tianjin passengers can enjoy more international air line services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen in the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
Daxing Airport's supporting transportation facilities are very perfect, in addition to the new airport line directly to Daxing Airport in downtown Beijing, there are a number of highways connecting Daxing Airport and the surrounding area.
This is like Guangdong Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other urban passengers can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via Guangzhou, Guangxi and other highways, and residents of Langfang, Xiongan New Area around Beijing will benefit from Daxing Airport to obtain convenient and efficient air services.
It can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has a profound impact and positive significance, not only on the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, but also to promote the development of the quality of Beijing's transportation industry, but also to promote the development of the quality of Beijing's transportation industry. Economic and trade development in the surrounding area.
Therefore, for Daxing airport navigation, we should not only calculate the small account of the individual economically, but also the overall development of the big account.
Small and medium sized plates up 1.46% in 27 days - Xinhua
Shenzhen, March 27 (Xinhua) -- Small and medium sized plates pointed to a high opening, eventually reporting  23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46 percent, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, small and medium sized plates traded at 10.8 billion yuan, down from the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the day, 668 stocks closed higher, with 15 stocks trading higher, while 222 stocks closed lower, four stocks such as Shunwei shares fell; and 40 stocks such as Weixing closed flat.
Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum to be held in Chong Tianshun Province in 2019
At the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed a lot of new growth and continued to grow, said Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of Vietnam's Congress.
The forum focused on outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019, proposing measures for economic and social development in late 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, representatives of the participants exchanged in-depth views and views on four topics, such as the impact of the economic development of 2019 and some of the FTA, some outstanding issues in the Vietnamese economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnamese social culture in 2019 and projections and recommendations for economic and social development in Vietnam in 2020.
Delegates generally agree that global economic growth has slowed in the first few months of 2019, with increased risks and challenges.
Trade frictions between the major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund has found that, despite the uncertainty of the global economy, 70% of the world ’ s economies have stagnated in growth, Vietnam ’ s economic development has made many welcome achievements, with a smooth macroeconomic operation and effective control of inflation, with an average increase of 2.64% in consumer prices in the first half of 2019, the lowest increase in nearly three years.
GDP growth in the first half of 2019 was 6.76 per cent, although lower than 7.05 per cent in the same period last year, but still higher than the same period in 2011-2017.
In a prediction of Vietnam's economic development trend in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Center for Economic and Social Forecasting, said the Vietnamese economy showed higher growth momentum in 2019 against a backdrop of world economic turmoil.
By 2020, Vietnam is expected to continue to maintain a basic macroeconomic stability, the implementation of various FTA will promote trade development, economic restructuring and the improvement of the business environment have been further strengthened, and Vietnam's foreign export activities will decline as a result of trade frictions.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring and warning mechanism, actively find trade relief measures for Vietnamese exports, find opportunities to expand new export markets and create convenience for foreign exports of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate is controlled at a reasonable level to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Chinese Embassy's Consular Office in Siem Reap, Cambodia, holds a reception in Siem Reap to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New
In the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programmes to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and the well-being of its people, Liu said.
As the world's second-largest economy, China has contributed more than 30% to world economic growth, especially China's "One Belt and Road" initiative, and cooperation between local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and the provinces of the territorial region has been deepening, Liu said.
He said this year was the beginning of 61 years of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia, with a brotherly friendship between the two countries, and that mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia would be the driving force for local economic and social development.
Siem Reap provincial governor Desai Ha spoke highly of the great achievements of New China over the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Deisha expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit and continuously improve people's living standards.
The friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and China's provinces and cities have been remarkable. So far, friendly relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large cultural performing arts projects such as "Wu Ge Smile" and "Wu Gog Dynasty" have fallen to the ground, Siem Reap - Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Guan International Airport, Siem Reap Province, Siem Reap Province, the provincial government, and other provincial government, and other special training courses on public welfare programs, Cooperation is fruitful, and in friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
The State Secretary of the Cambodian Ministry of Defense, Ken Wensong, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Governor of the five provinces, the Cambodian Council Siem Reap Branch, volunteer teachers, representatives of the Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises and foreign leaders in Siem Reap.
Witness the decade of digital China's "cloud rise" in cloud town - Xinhua
If the 2009 local website forum is used as the original point, the 2019 cloud-based congress held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of a "cloud" to the practice of "cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies to support China's economic development, social management and public services in a decade.
At the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" loaded with Ariyun artificial intelligence was recently added to the quality inspector's side.
It has no rest for 24 hours, more than twice the speed of identification, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
According to the company's head, the "quality inspector" with the camera has studied more than 40,000 defective samples, with the cloud computing power behind it, which can quickly convert infrared images into binary languages and classify defective battery tablets.
The company is just a microcosm of the transformation of cloud computing to help manufacturing today.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Guide to the Implementation of the Enterprise on Cloud (2018-2020)" in 2018, proposing that by 2020, efforts to achieve a significant increase in cloud awareness and enthusiasm in enterprises, with a significant increase in the proportion and depth of applications.
Today, data-centric cloud computing has built bridges and opened the way for a digital economy with key elements of data, said Wang Jian, founder of Ariyun.
At the same time, over the past 10 years, China's cloud computing industry has been expanding.
China's overall market for cloud computing reached  billion yuan in 2018, up 39.2 percent from 2017, according to the Cloud Computing Development White Paper (2019) released by the China Institute of Information and Communications in July.
In addition to being the key technology to support the transformation of industry and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has unknowingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's cloud-based conference, the "urban brain", which has been unveiled for three years, remains a concern.
At present, the urban brain has become the urban management center from the vehicle of transportation governance, and the relevant cooperative applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world, Ariyun said.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, urban brains, through strong computing power, allow new urban management services such as "first stop pay" "real-time perception of the number of visits" "travel line design" to be realized.
In the field of government services, with "a cloud" docking "one thing," the "palm office" "" palm business "synergy, cloud computing brings convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform across the province through the government affairs cloud.
As of September 11, the platform had covered more than 57 million resident populations and more than 15 million corporate units in the province, bringing in  billion pieces of data from governance.
The average monthly call and sharing of data between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million, and the flow of data on 'cloud' every time may mean that the masses run less errands.
Be careful with plastic tea bags to make tea!
A new Canadian study has found that a pack of plastic tea bags may release billions or even hundreds of millions of plastic particles, significantly higher than one person's estimated annual intake of microplastics, but there is no evidence so far that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans, according to the Central News Agency.
Researchers at the University of Magill in Canada reportedly found that immersing a plastic tea bag into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bag would release about 116 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano-plastic particles into the cup.
This number is significantly higher than the amount of microplastics a person estimates to ingest throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
The study, published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, found that researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea packages in the Montero store and cafe, opened tea bags, washed them into almost boiling water for five minutes, and analyzed them with electronic microscopes and spectrometers.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 116 billion plastic particles, "several levels higher than the plastic load of other foods earlier."
Most tea bags are made of natural fiber, but many tea bag brands still use plastic to seal their mouths, the report said.
Some of the brand tea bags were no longer made of paper and used plastic, which the researchers tested.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic, and researchers define these microplastics as ranging in size from 100 nanometers to 5 mm, mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world, as well as tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human faeces samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of tea bags to release plastic particles, the Canadian research team put water fleas in contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these water fleas and cause them to develop dysplasia.
According to the World Health Organization, there is no evidence so far that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, WHO noted that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the tea bags release large amounts of plastic particles, possibly because these plastic tea bags are in contact with boiling water, and may break down or ooze toxic substances even when "edible grade" plastic is heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius.
Guterres said the climate emergency was the biggest threat to the survival of the small island nation.
There, a natural disaster would erode the development outcomes of a generation.
This is illustrated by the hurricane-hit Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas this year.
About a quarter of SIDS live at an altitude of five metres or less.
Relocation can seriously affect their social and lifestyle and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At a climate action summit on Monday, small island countries worked together to achieve carbon neutralization and 100% renewable energy by 2030, so they once again led the world in the right direction.
"The climate crisis is piling up new injustices over old injustices," Guterres said.
Although small island developing countries contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
As these countries are in middle-income status, many are also trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act and it is time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing countries, "he said.
Today ’ s high-level meeting adopted a political manifesto calling for help in managing disaster risk in SIDS, investing in climate-adaptable infrastructure and ways to transition to renewable energy; and urging international institutions to help small island developing countries, especially those with heavily indebted middle-income countries, receive funding.
Small island developing countries are at the forefront of protecting and preserving the lifeline of the Earth - the oceans.
The latest special report, released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, confirms that the oceans have suffered the "sobering" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many regions may have experienced some extreme sea level rise that would have occurred only once a century each year.
The report warns that some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable without significant investment in adaptation.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
Over the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold in the last 40 years.
Demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to reduced resources, including maintaining fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island countries also face high costs for transport, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on a number of external markets, leaving them exposed to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also grappling with the security implications of illicit trafficking in people, weapons and drugs.
"By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere," Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing countries to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons and examples that can be learned around the world, "he said.
He stressed that small island developing countries are special cases of sustainable development.
They need long-term attention and investment from the international community as a whole.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is liquid.
India's finance minister, Sita Raman, 26, said the financial system is now liquid and that growth is expected to recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumer demand.
The remarks were made after a meeting with representatives of private Indian banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Siataraman did not say where those remarks were targeted.
Some of the previous Indian media and overseas media have blamed the continued slowdown in India's current economy on liquidity tensions at non-bank financial institutions.
Seatraman took the fall in car sales as an example, denying that liquidity tensions are the main cause of the fall in sales.
The decline in car sales was largely driven by cyclical factors, Siataraman noted.
West Tallahassee expects India's economic growth to recover in the next half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday spending.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will run until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly boost India's economic growth.
Jiangxi Province Education Department recently issued a notice, strictly prohibit the province's small and medium schools during the National Day holiday, and organize personnel to conduct random visits.
In the notice issued under the "Notice on the Prohibition of National Day Long Holiday Offences", the Education Department of Jiangxi Province stressed that small and medium-sized schools throughout the country should resolutely do so during the National Day: all students shall not be allowed to organize collective remedial classes or attend new courses, and shall not be allowed to hold training courses in disciplines, special classes, Oshi classes, interest classes, etc.
At the same time, it is strictly forbidden for active primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to participate in illegal remediation classes in and outside school, and strictly prohibit active primary and secondary school teachers from participating in off-campus training institutions or in illegal remediation courses organized by other teachers, parents and parents' committees.
The notice is clear that, for the investigation of the illegal remediation of small and medium schools, the administrative department of local education will increase the deduction in the high quality development education assessment of the county government.
Support pig production to safeguard market supply
Sui loyalty requirements from six aspects to grasp the implementation of various measures
The province's teleconference to promote pig production and guarantee market supply was held today to mobilize and redeploy the policies and measures of the central and provincial committees and provincial governments to support pig production and guarantee market supply.
Sui loyalty requirements, from six aspects to grasp the pig production measures to implement.
The mayor of the "basket of vegetables" is responsible for the implementation of the system, and this year the province's clear 45 million pig outputs have been broken down into cities and states to be included in the assessment of responsibility.
Take care of the implementation of various policy measures and effectively solve the problem of "last kilometre" of policy implementation.
We will earnestly implement the subsidy policy of breeding sows, encourage pig enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select excellent sows from the commodity pig group.
Grab the investment to implement, the domestic well-known large farming enterprises that have not entered our province as the top priority of attracting investment.
Accelerate the implementation of the market circulation system, accelerate the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and promote the transformation from "pig adjustment" to "meat adjustment".
To implement the modern epidemic prevention system, all places should be equipped with basic epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel corresponding to the scale of farming and the task of work, and build the first line of defense against epidemic diseases.
Sui loyalty requirements, full protection of the meat market supply, ensure that there is no large-scale shortage, a wide range of supply, ensure the supply of pork market on major holidays is stable.
The meeting also deployed on the continuous control of the outbreak of swine fever in Africa, the prohibition of fishing in important waters in the Yangtze River Basin of our province, and the acquisition of late rice in the province.
The representative of Shanghai Old Word, such as the Chinese People's Soul White Rabbit, attended the Party class for college students
"I and my motherland" campus card point let college students "happy do not think Shu."
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit and Fresh Four famous Shanghai Old Word Number 27 gathered at East China Polytechnic University for "Art Party Course".
The site of the old brand of the product display exhibition.
The love story in the classroom let the students sigh not to think that outside the classroom carefully arranged the old brand of product display exhibition, and "I and my motherland" campus card point let the college students "do not want to think."
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... as the old name brand, White Rabbit milk sugar has been actively changing in recent years.
Born in 1959, the White Rabbit coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on young consumer groups.
Wang Weijie, party branch secretary and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd., mentioned the scene of "spring is full of abalone, summer hot fish, autumn wind, drunk shrimp, winter clouds, drunk crab", reflecting the continuous innovation of people in "eating".
The company also further excavates brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation, comic packaging design, to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The old name representative tells the road to innovation in the "Art Party Class" scene.
"All innovation is inseparable from a solid foundation, and every innovation in the old name is a thick and thin process," said Yu Jie, manager of the Seafood Seafood Food and Meals Co. Ltd.
Everyone has hidden in their hearts the expectation of the old word.
With the product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin, "he said.
As one of the first "Chinese Old Word" in the country, Shanghai Seafood also quickly adapt to the market trend, brand VI visual upgrade, introduce professional operating team, and achieve a significant increase in turnover.
"The old name is not only visible in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now the old name will actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes, ultimately to the end, are to allow consumers to see, hear, and finally be able to buy, "he said.
Ou Yang Yi Ling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co. Ltd.
In the future, Shanghai soap production will also adhere to the high-end development, the system development prospects are broad, users are satisfied with energy saving and environmental protection products, adhere to the high-tech content, high economic benefits of the road.
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old word is accompanied by my growth, bearing the good memories and emotions of childhood.
Song Yingyuan students sigh.
Shanghai Old Word Representative for more than 200 young students to tell the old brand of the motherland, the national soul.
Zhou Jiuting Ting students said that how to excavate brand culture, let quality traditional culture pass on from generation to generation, life is a problem that we, as design students, need to think and explore.
The Party class is based on the "Shanghai Imaging" project of Ding Wei, president of the School of Art of East China Polytechnic University, and Professor Ni Chun's "Old Word Integration Brand Innovation Studio". It hopes to dig deep into the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the old name, and use the competitiveness and influence of the old characters of Shanghai to enhance the new culture. The perspective shows Shanghai culture.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will continue to invite literary history, painting masters, ceramics masters, master of art, master of architecture, garden landscape masters to serve as lecturers, through their stories of the innovation and adherence to Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, and further strengthen the ideal beliefs of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, and enhance the theme of the Party's work. And affinity, focus, improve the appeal of the Party class, cultivate the new people who can take the role of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe video congratulates New China on 70th anniversary, says Chinese
26, local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the People's Republic of China on its 70th anniversary.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, I am Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend my warm congratulations on behalf of
At the G20 summit in Osaka in June, Japan and China announced the firm will of the G20 to the world through the Declaration of the G20 Leaders' Summit in Osaka.
In addition, at the mid-day summit and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to Japan next spring, while unanimously determined to open up a new era between Japan and China.
Together, Japan and China shoulder a major responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the joint efforts of the two countries to address the issues facing the region and the world and contribute to the international community will be conducive to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan and China a prosperous relationship, and wish our friends a prosperous career.
"Some of the overage migrant workers on the site are estimated to account for more than half.
Where are the young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the site.
Recently, there are many overage migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site, Zou Qui, who works as an engineering contractor in the construction industry, lamented.
In recent times, the author of the university to carry out rain pollution diversion project, there are many migrant workers on campus, if careful observation, will find that there are many overage migrant workers.
It is not "idle" for overage migrant workers to go out to work, but because they are "not idle", they have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so" - whether saving money to solve their own pension and medical problems, or helping their children, driving these old people who should be "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old dependence" of overage migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, reading for their children, helping their children build buildings to buy cars, helping their children build homes, raising their grandchildren from generation to generation, and when these migrant workers have completed their “life tasks, ” money bags have been emptied and even a lot of debt, and most lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down children in order to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "until they do not work."
Many of the new generation of migrant workers who are “post-80 ”“ post-90 ” and even “post-00 ” are reluctant to engage in difficult conditions, high-intensity secondary industries or low-end services, resulting in structural“ labor shortages, ” which lack attractive jobs that provide opportunities for overage migrant workers.
Because of the lack of skills, physical function and labor ability decline, many overage migrant workers are working with large intensity, low income, high risk and little protection.
Ability is a day, can earn a little more is a point, "can not idle" behind the survival plight of overage migrant workers, can not be ignored and ignored.
Solving the problem of unpaid wages and salaried wages, improving labor protection, reducing security risks, increasing labor income, and improving the survival of overage migrant workers, in addition to their "self-redemption", is also inseparable from public sector institutional protection and humanistic care.
Some scholars point out that overage migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve problems such as their pension and medical care, and they must feed their families through other means.
It helps us to better understand the love and pain of overage migrant workers.
Seeing the backs of overage migrant workers, hearing their sighs, trying to get them back to the countryside to really achieve "old things," requires the public sector, markets, and society to share responsibility in benign interactions and need to work together.
Mr Chermezov said Russia would not export the system for the next five years because "the first thing is to supply its own military will be export production thereafter."
This approach is entirely consistent with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always secure their own defense needs first, before they handle export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Greshoff, deputy commander in chief of Russia's air force, said the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by the "Diamond - Antai" air sky defense of Consen.
This is a new generation of air defense systems, using the working principle used to destroy ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some information, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles, as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles five times the speed of sound, and even targets near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into a unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from a defense perspective.
Sergei Cheryazov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He said the system is currently in great demand in the world, but Russian forces also need it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system enters the Arctic air defense mission.
According to the September 15 news, the modification of the S-400 air defense missile system by the New Territories Arctic Air Defense Mission has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said it was entirely a process within the transition plan to a more advanced defense tool in the strategic direction to the north.
"With the transition to a new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly," the Russian Uttar Fleet Information Service said.
It is very important that, according to the military assessment, the system has been successful in its use in extreme North and Arctic regions.
The officers and soldiers of the Air Defense Mission have trained the new system and are ready to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, part of it is still in place.
When it comes to air defense, it must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether it is the target of high speed flight outside the height layer or the "leaky fish" close to the protected facility.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system, developed by the Golden Diamond-Antelope air defense, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air assault weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 kilometres and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometres per second at a distance of 60 kilometres.
Russia has never hidden that it will deploy air defense forces in the extreme north to ensure the airspace of the northern sea road.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of "Tor" -M2DT "air defense missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen air defense systems in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at the time that the Arctic "Toll" force would expand to a complete brigade building in the future.
Combined with the new S-400 remote system deployed on the islands and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantir" -SA short-range system deployed in the extreme north, these advanced air defense weapons strongly defend Russia's polar skies.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles will be difficult to break through this defence.
According to the Russian government's idea, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods and avoid the complex and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
As a Russian store operator, Russian-made companies focus on selling Russian goods in China.
The largest trading platforms in China, such as Tmall, JD, , Pindudoo, Hand Q (ShouQ), Multifunction Instant Communications Software Microcredit (WeChat), have online stores and have their own retail platforms on Epiduind.com and Russian.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia to develop store marketing strategies and participation standards and screen virtual shelf products companies.
The store plans to open by the end of the year and install products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the Russian Export Center, China's e-commerce platform has a total monthly visit of up to 1 billion times.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, with more than $1 billion in 2018.
Currently, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores within the framework of a global import strategy to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore.
The new store will display goods from businesses with sales of at least 500 million rubles, according to Alexei Khotnikov.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and 500 million rubles in sales are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers are quite positive about Russian goods, viewing our goods as high quality and green environmental protection products, "he said.
The competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying, Khotnikov said.
"We are ambitious and have launched 500 businesses through this store in three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also serve the products of Russian Far East enterprises.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the Department of Trade Policy at Russia's Plevneliev Economic University.
"I don't see a lot of highly competitive Russian goods in the market," he said.
He believes the project will likely not be truly implemented, but will help strengthen relations between the two countries.
Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that product information from more than 170 Russian companies has been released on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, both in China and in other countries, according to Russian news agencies.
In addition, there is a model for working with Alibaba Group, a training program for Russian companies by experts from Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
The Russian Export Center at the Second China International Imports Expo in Shanghai in November will also serve as an organization for Russian companies to participate in industry exhibitions and business projects.
A major exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square meter exhibition hall, where it will also be the center of business project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, push meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
About 50 applications have now been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural booth, we will certainly hold a business meeting to arrange direct links between entrepreneurs," the Russian Export Center Information Service said.
"This is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure dozens of special meetings are arranged for them," the statement said.
In addition, the fair will host master classes, cooking competitions and "Exploring the Shanghai Station of Russian Food" projects of Russian famous chefs cooking Russian food tasting sessions.
After a non-accidental death ruling on Friday by the Morhadi Coroner's Court, the police waited for a full report and waited for instructions from the CPS to take the next step.
The National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau, Nadik Hozier, issued a statement on Friday, saying police would wait for the CPS to give the most further instructions, according to the coroner's ruling.
In his statement, he stressed that police never terminated the investigation into Mohalend's killing while the investigation was ongoing.
On the other hand, Snow State Chief Constable NOAA said police would wait for a full report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter Friday morning after attending a handover ceremony for the deputy chief constable of Xuzhou police headquarters.
He said police investigated the case based on the reports.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to call again people who had been recorded earlier to ask.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Landscape Bureau that, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently took Changan Street and along its main axis to improve the landscaping and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Changan Street have been completed and unveiled, 20 million pots of flowers in the city dressed up for the National Day holiday.
In recent days, 12 gorgeous and varied stereo flower beds along Changan Street have attracted many visitors to watch and take pictures.
The theme of these flower beds is bright, from the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguo Gate, to the end of the "good tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxing Gate, to gather the outstanding achievements of the founding of New China in various fields over the past 70 years, and show the happy life of the people.
This year's greening environment layout takes full advantage of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad, said the head of the Beijing Landscape Bureau.
The flower beds are placed in the overall application of more than 230 varieties, including 16 autonomous cultivars, 18 green anti-inverse new varieties and 11 native plants.
China's independent breeding of the "cold dew competition" "gorgeous autumn candy" "" colorful "three chrysanthemum varieties have been applied for the first time.
In order to enjoy the National Day, Beijing has recently carried out a comprehensive treatment of the citywide landscaping environment, planting more than 120, 000 trees, 23, 000 shrubs, 2.3 million square meters of grass root flowers.
At the same time, in the city's Ring Road, Changan Street extension line, Xiangshan Memorial Site, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of the important tourist scenic spot, 200 thematic flower beds have been set up, 20 million pots (plants) of flowers have been planted, 10,000 flowers have been placed, 50 million containers of flowers have been placed, and 50 million have been placed in the capital.
China releases report on China and the United Nations as well as on climate change, sustainable development - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, September 26 (Xinhua) -- A Chinese delegation attending the 74th United Nations General Assembly formally issued the China and United Nations - the 74th United Nations General Assembly China Position Document, the United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action, China's Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, and the Sustainable Development Report on the Sustainable Development of the Earth (April 2019).
China and the United Nations - The 74th United Nations General Assembly China Position Document summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the Eighteenth Congress of the Party.
It is pointed out that the push by Chinese President Xi Jinping to build a community of human destiny has become a banner of diplomacy by major powers with Chinese characteristics.
Guided by Xi's diplomatic thinking, China participates in international affairs in a more active and productive manner, making a greater contribution to the peace and development of the world and taking more responsibility.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
The paper introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of peace, development and human rights of the United Nations in ten respects.
Reaffirming China's firm support for and practice multilateralism and supporting the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; pointing out that China's development resonates with the world's development and promotes each other; stressing that in the face of a century of unprecedented changes in the world, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
The UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action is closely linked to the nine areas of action at the UN Climate Action Summit, which introduces China's policy proposals for international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in combating climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards tackling climate change as an inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and responsibility to build a community of human destiny, and will continue to overcome the many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and push for the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019) is the second progress report issued by China following the release of its implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combed China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps to implement the 2030 agenda, showing China's determination to carry out new development ideas, achieve high-quality development and achieve achievements.
The report contains cases such as precise poverty relief, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization, and the construction of the “One Belt and Road ” will provide useful lessons for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The Report on the Global Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals shows the exploration and practice of China's use of Big Earth Data to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decisions, revealing the value and prospects of relevant technologies and methods for the application of monitoring and assessment of sustainable development goals, and providing a new perspective for the international community to fill the gap in data and methodology, accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macau Polytechnic Institute of Technology - Liu Hua Zhi and Leung Zi-hong Art Exhibition will be re-opened at 6 p.m. on September 29, 2019 at Waiyuan House Exhibition Gallery, Macau Polytechnic Institute.
People from all walks of life are welcome.
Famous designers Liu Hua Zhi and Liang Zi Heng both graduated from the Macau Polytechnic Institute of Integrated Design, and then co-founded the design company in 2013, after five years of efforts, the company has won more than 200 awards internationally, the design business is all over the world, across more than 10 countries 25 cities, successfully pushing the team design to international fame.
At the invitation of the Macau Polytechnic Institute of Technology, the exhibition of their ingenious design works, and the sharing of their entrepreneurial mileage.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, the day will also exchange views on Macau's design development.
The exhibition dates from 29 September to 10 October 2019 and is open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m., with holidays as usual.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Association at  .
Lao collectives and individuals were awarded the Vietnam National Medal and Insignia
In a decision issued on September 21 to award the Medal of Independence, Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Nguyen awarded the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao Congress, various organs of Congress and the Secretariat of Congress, aiming to recognize their active contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity between the two countries' congress and the organs of Congress.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Chung-kai also issued the decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Order of Friendship.
According to the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to four collectives and 34 individuals from the Lao Congress, congressional organs and the Secretariat of Congress, aiming to recognize their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity between the two countries' congress and the organs of Congress.
Speaking at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two peoples was formed from a long historical process, and that the good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relations between the two peoples of Vietnam and Laos were carefully cultivated by President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Kishan Fengwei Han, who had been a leader of both parties.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that in the complex and changeable situation of the world, the older the great friendship, special friendship and comprehensive cooperation still continue to be consolidated and developed and increasingly deep and pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the award of the Vietnamese Party and National Medal and Insignia to the various collective and former senior leading cadres of the Lao Congress is a great credit to the Vietnamese Party, the state and the people, and hopes that comrades will continue to work hard to make more contributions to strengthen the great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation of the elderly.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the Vietnamese Party and country will continue to cooperate closely with the Lao Party and the state, inherit and play the fruits of cooperation achieved by both sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
The various collectives and individuals of the Lao Congress, which received the Medal of Independence, Order of Friendship and Order of Friendship, have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them the Medal of Honor and affirming that it is not only their honor, but the Lao Congress.
E-cigarette smoke in the United States has taken 12 lives related to lung damage to 805 cases.
26, local time, U.S. health officials said 12 people had died from e-cigarette related diseases across the United States, and 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoke, according to the Central News Agency.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reportedly notified the figures and said it had not yet identified the specific substances that led to the disease.
However, most patients have reported using e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main compound in marijuana that affects mental state.
The surge in lung cases is known to be linked to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
The 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, and 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the Virgin Islands, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
E-cigarette sales have been banned in India and Massachusetts over the past three weeks, while in New York State and Michigan, flavored e-cigarette sales have been banned.
The Trump administration intends to ban e-cigarette products that taste outside of tobacco from October, the report said.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Smart Station Brand" lets you count.
27, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation Joint Gaode Map announced that the first "Internet + Smart Station" in the country will be officially located in Nanjing, when 54 public transport electronic screens will be lit up, which will completely upgrade the level of information service in Nanjing, improve the efficiency of public transportation services and the happiness of ordinary people.
In the past, the anxiety scene of waiting cars was staged at bus stops almost every day.
The bus operation time is difficult to predict, the bus road conditions and the vehicle position are difficult to learn. The problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently, especially in some big cities, the long commute road, the complicated rush hour traffic situation of early and late commuting, resulting in the bus clearance rate has been difficult to guarantee.
To this end, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation joined hands with Gaode map to explore the new direction of "Internet + Traffic" civilian service, and launched the first "Internet + Smart Station Brand" intelligent service project in the country.
It is reported that the first "Internet + Intelligent Station Brand" in the country landed in Nanjing, integrated the Gauda data and Gaode vehicle forecast driving time ETA algorithm, and relied on the bus electronic station card and mobile Internet, traffic data upgrade to achieve the "bus intelligent station card +" dual end of the public transport station to publish the expected bus route.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the expected time of the bus, understand the real time position of the bus and a few stops from the current site, but also grasp the public transportation situation directly through the red orange and green three colors, so that all the bus lines of the station can be seen in real time.
Thanks to the "Internet + Intelligent Station Brand", Nanjing citizens have realized the convenient and efficient way of traveling by bus when they check the location of public transportation in front of the door and wait for public transportation.
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Station", choose the best travel route for yourself, while also doing a good job of psychological expectations, reducing the anxiety of waiting cars, so that travel becomes more convenient and easy.
More than 30 pieces of fine cultural relics in the Summer Palace are on display for the first time - Xinhua
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that the exhibition of 99 pieces of cultural relics, more than 30 of which are the first time the Summer Palace has been displayed to the public, showing the rich collection of palace relics and its traditional cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Jigin, Fujimao Shoucheng, Wizarding Art, Fenghua, and exhibition of jade bronze, ancient calligraphy, miscellaneous, porcelain enamel, etc.
The Deputy Director of the Ministry of Antiquities of the Summer Palace Management Office,  Lijia, said that the exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, many types of cultural relics, and a large span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the exhibits are national level cultural relics and secondary cultural relics, from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
The exhibition of the Shang Dynasty is more than 3,000 years ago, for this exhibition "oldest" of a bronze artefacts; Qingyu lying cattle are huge and weigh nearly 80 jin, is carved from a whole piece of green jade, preserved in good shape, very rare; the landscape figures are very rare.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Summer Palace Management Office in Beijing, said the cultural exhibition, with the spirit of "living up" to cultural relics, relies on the idea of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, takes the cultural relics of "Fushou" as the carrier, so that visitors can understand the deep culture of the Summer Palace and carry forward their wishes.
It is understood the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Insight: Unswerving to take our own path
The White Paper on China and the World in the New Era, released on May 27, answered: For 70 years, China ’ s development has been successful, the root cause is that under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the Chinese people have found the right path to develop socialism with Chinese characteristics and have followed it unswervingly.
China is the choice of history and the choice of the people.
Since modern times, in the environment of poverty and weakness and internal distress, generations of benevolent volunteers have sought to find the way to save the country and save the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the imperial system, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system, the presidential system have all thought and tried, the result is not working."
It was not until the Chinese Communist Party, with the new China, that the Chinese people gradually opened up a socialist road with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road out of China is the happy road of the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and all countries of the world.
It is because, on the right path, China can do its thing well in order to become the world ’ s second-largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth in order to benefit the world in its own development.
As the white paper points out, China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and adapt to the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright prospects for development as the times move forward.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how hard it is to find the right path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish it more.
The Chinese understand the reason of the northern brier of the South Orange, understand that it is not necessarily suitable for others, only suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a remarkable miracle.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "historical conclusion" has been famous for a moment.
Today, the success of the socialist road with Chinese characteristics heralds the end of "historical conclusion," the collapse of "Chinese collapse theory" and the failure of "socialist failure theory."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strong people, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and provided experience and reference for countries and peoples in the world who both want to accelerate development and maintain their independence, and to follow the path that meets their national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of countries to choose a path suitable for their national conditions.
China does not "enter" the foreign model, nor "export" the Chinese model, but will unswervingly take its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen exchanges of governance and governance with countries, and make its due contribution to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
It comes after the Fair Work Commission found that a Woolworths supermarket boss who sacked a 66-year-old female worker by text message for preferring to hire staff from Asian backgrounds was slammed as "disgraceful."
The council said the way Ms Gail Ayton's boss, Jianbin Wang, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated staff was "grossly unfair" and could have violated anti-discrimination laws.
Ms Ayton told the committee that Mr Wang, who took over the shop in 2016, had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In the case, the commission's deputy chairman, Peter Sams, conducted a search on the internet and found "some of the job ads Mr. Wang used to post at various Australian Chinese employment forums."
Among the job requirements listed in the posts, one said "first choice Asian lady" and the other said "first choice Asian employee."
A third post said he was "more inclined to go overseas (sic)."
Mr Wang fired Ms Ayton in April this year via text message, later claiming it was due to her absence and a small amount of cash missing from $5.10 to $30 when the cashier allegedly appeared.
But Mr Sams said Mr Wang's case for firing Ms Ayton was weak and lacked evidence.
She has been absent for only one shift in three years, with a "missing amount" totaling several Australian dollars.
He said Ms Ayton's dismissal had "virtually nothing to do with her behaviour or performance."
"In my opinion, supported by evidence of a job advertisement released by Mr. Wang, the real motivation for the defense to fire her was his willingness to hire staff with an Asian background," he said.
Under section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, it is illegal for Mr. Wang's actions to ostensibly constitute violations of anti-discrimination laws and / or dismissal of applicants, "he said.
Mr Sams said it was inappropriate for Mr Wang to consider restoring her post in light of Mr Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms Ayton.
He should consider paying damages to Ms Ayton, who is a casual worker and is paid A $26 an hour.
Given the potential violation of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said he would refer his own rulings and documents to committee directors to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be passed to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal law.
He said Mr Wang had not given Ms Ayton any chance to respond to the alleged dismissal of her grounds.
"I believe that the respondent took an irredeemably unjust and biased process to dismiss the applicant, and Mr. Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he believes would 'prove' that the termination of the employment of the applicant was justified," he said.
"He was wrong... the defector completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her when he expelled the applicant, and it was shocking that he was rude and extremely unjust for perfunctory conduct," the statement read.
Mr Sams said that while Foodworks is a small business, "it is important to be frank that any decent employer would not dismiss employees in an extremely unfair and perfunctory manner as acknowledged in this case."
"It's disgraceful and it's extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway to face National Day Golden Week passenger flow increasing by 175 passenger trains - CUHK
In order to meet the travel needs of passengers on National Day Golden Week, Guangxi Group will continue to increase the number of passenger trains in the popular direction during the holiday period, with a total of 175 passenger trains running during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangxi Group will take a number of initiatives to do a good job of passenger service during the peak period of passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has been optimized for the three layers of security inspection channels, 12 new security channels have been added. After the new transformation, there are 44 security screening channels in the three layers of waiting rooms. In addition, there are 19 self-service real name verification equipment added to Guangzhou South Station to clear the flow line of passengers.
In order to ease the stranded and congested traffic on the north-south road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new parking lots, add 1,000 parking spaces, and ease the pressure on traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "high-speed rail - subway" free green channel.
On October 6-7, passenger flow will reach the peak period, Shenzhen North Station A2 exit will connect with the subway, set up a free inspection channel to facilitate travel for passengers arriving at peak times.
In addition, the East West Plaza will normally set up a U color love fast channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of National Day Golden Week, the Kwangmyongsong-9 passenger section carries out full staff training to ensure that all personnel who take up the job of passenger work learn to grasp the business knowledge, improve the quality of service, ensure that the train conductor takes a good mental appearance, more professional standard of the business quality, and provides better service for passengers.
6 people deny selling fake Da Ma Ka newspaper paper to high court hearing
The six men suspected of falsifying and selling our passports, newspaper papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Registration Board and a supervisor businessman, passed the case on Thursday, and the court judge approved the allegations of anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking migrants to be transferred to a high court hearing.
The defense lawyer, who was originally representing Nadok's Chinese defendant, Lai Zhenhua, also a member of Congress in Sunset Hole, applied to the judge to withdraw from the hearing on behalf of the case, namely, not to become the defendant's representative lawyer, and the court was approved.
He said he had attracted criticism from political opponents for representing the defendant and that his Action Party had been implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the PAP and the Greek government or other Western Union leaders, so the decision was taken after careful consideration.
He also said there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Congress, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants, and that so far, the defendant, Lai Zhenhua, has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year and face charges under section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking and Anti-Trafficking Immigration Act, as well as section 466 (forged documents) of the criminal code, all denied guilt and were not granted bail by the court.
On Thursday, two court judges, Nosha, and Mazran, after the two sides of the prosecution, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the six defendants' allegations of anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration ordinances to a high court hearing; and charges of falsifying documents will be handed over to the defense court on October 3.
The earlier six defendants were arrested under the 2012 National Security Crimes (Special Measures) Act (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Peer with the motherland - A team of armed police forces shorthand
Jinqiu, on the military training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters of officers and soldiers formed a team of armed police forces, training is busy.
Shiny gunshots, unique olive green and bright red shoulder badges together constitute a beautiful landscape.
Recently, the reporter walked into this team to feel the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to be loyal guards of the Party and the people and their "honor first" feelings and pursuit.
"Dreams shine on a glorious life and write the enduring legend of the new era..." This is the team song of the team's officers and soldiers collective creation - "Walking with the motherland."
In the team, the song is the motto of every member of the team.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former armed police national flag guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
Military honor comes from hard training.
As the standard bearer of Qi Xiaoguang, training has always been high standards strict requirements.
He tied the sandbag to practice stereotyping, held the stopwatch to practice pace, blindfolded the stride, and practiced stability against the wind.
In his "Optimus Prime career," there is a picture that is always memorable.
A flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain fell, and none of the tourists who came to see the flag-raising ceremony left.
The moment the flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt deeply the glory represented by this five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the base soldier.
The standard of action is different between the base soldier and the flag bearer.
Qi Xiaoguang said that the standard bearer and the base soldier of the line progress frequency, although only 20 steps difference, training must pay more effort.
The base soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the level of neat square team.
After the parade focused on training, he kicked repeatedly every day, practiced a kick hard work.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and pace won the applause of the officers and soldiers.
In the team, almost every official and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of fighter Zhu Xuandong attended the 50th anniversary parade of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps to become a member of the team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but never discouraged.
"To be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the inspection of the Party and the people is the glory of my life, and I will do whatever it takes," he said.
Walking into the team honor room, "the capital stability of the elite division" 8 big words came into view.
Wang Qian, the political committee of the Fang team, said that all the members of the team came from the armed police force of Beijing - a force with a glorious tradition, which has been tasked with the Grand National Day celebrations, the security of the National Day celebrations of the successive Party and the security of the capital's anti-terrorism stability, and has been awarded a large number of "national flag guards" and individual units ".
Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
The reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of 27.
On behalf of the Chinese government, Han Zheng first expressed sincere thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care, support and participate in China's reform and opening up and modernization drive.
Han said that since the founding of New China, especially over 40 years of reform and opening up, the Chinese Communist Party has united to lead the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country, and has successfully stepped out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics and ushered in a great leap from standing up, rich to strong.
Since the Eighteenth Congress of the Party, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, has promoted the overall layout of the "five-in-one", coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, promoted the Party and the country's cause to achieve historic achievements and historic changes, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The achievements of 70 years of development in New China are the result of the unremitting efforts of the people of all ethnic groups in China and the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and make an indelible contribution, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are working tirelessly to win the overall establishment of a well-off society, seize the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realize the Chinese dream of great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, innovation is the first impetus", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factors, and China will accelerate the development of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents with an international level, scientific and technological leaders, young scientific and technological talents and high level innovation teams.
Han Zheng said China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause of open learning to the world and a cause of cooperation with all countries of the world.
China will learn from the peoples of the world in a more open and inclusive manner and firmly implement a more active, open and effective policy on the introduction of talent.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to China to innovate and start a business, and welcome the participation of British talent from all over the world in China's modernization drive, to make greater contributions to the construction of a community of human destiny, to the peaceful development of the world and to the cause of human
Liu Crane, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Science and Technology Minister Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by elderly foreign experts who had long worked in China, representatives of foreign experts and spouses working in China, relevant departments of central and state organs and leading comrades in Beijing, with a total of about 1,800 people.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft of our railway is excavated to the end.
Xinhua News Agency Kunming, September 27 (reporter Ding Yi-cheng) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co. Ltd., the first long tunnel of the railway in China, the main shaft of the Great (Li) Railway High Lai Gong Shan Tunnel, was successfully excavated on the 27th, and the depth of the shaft broke the deepest record of the domestic railway shaft.
In tunnel construction, shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and guarantee construction safety.
"After the successful excavation of the main shaft of the shaft No. 1 of the High Lai Gong Shan Tunnel, it will help to promote the construction of the bottom of the well, open a number of working surfaces for the later construction of the main hole and the flat guide, and speed up the progress of the whole construction of the Gaolai Gongshan Tunnel," said Song Tao.
Song Tao said that the construction of the shaft No. 1 of the High Lai Gongshan Tunnel uses chiseled well frame, chiseled well stabilizer, chiseled shaft winch, overall mobile metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill, central rotating rock grab machine, and other large specialized machinery, such as the formation of the mechanical system, the system of the lifting of the system. Blasting, ballast, template installation, concrete pouring and other whole process mechanization operation, greatly accelerated the construction progress.
It is understood that the Daari Railway East Dali, west to Ruili, is about 331 kilometers long and designed to travel at 140 kilometers per hour, is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Railway Channel.
The Gaolai Gongshan Tunnel is 34.538 km long and is the first long tunnel of our railway.
TV drama "Fox Hunting" field scene reappears first line of investigation police style
"Fox Hunting" has recently taken a scene at Tianjin Airport, where actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Flock filmed important plays such as the return of fugitive economic crime suspects, and the filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The Fox Hunting crew filmed at the airport the key play that best demonstrated the law enforcement achievements of "Operation Fox Hunting" - Fox Action team members chasing the fugitive home, taking off the plane, signing arrest warrants, etc.
The crew took a view of the tarmac, customs border inspection and aircraft cabin, hatch, and other groups of footage, recreating the multi-national flight of China's first line of investigation police and fox hunting heroes, the arduous process and professional style of catching fugitive criminals.
In order to complete the shoot, the original team of "Fox Hunting" carried out a lot of preparatory work, repeatedly confirmed each implementation details, to ensure the most real and direct visual effects.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed abroad.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank cities' readiness to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base and direction of development.
The city of Singapore ranked first, followed by cities from countries including Britain, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"I find it very meaningful to look back and assess cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam," Oliver Wyman, an expert on the organization, told reporters.
Overall, I think Vietnam's future is bright against a backdrop of high growth rates, strong economic development paths and rapid development of the talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
It is important that Vietnam know how to use the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote more economic development, "he said.
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but also creates threats to exacerbate social, economic, and technological inequality.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, there are only any cities in the world today that are prepared for breakthroughs in the age of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China's founding here, and congratulated the Chinese government on its impressive achievements with the people over the past 70 years.
"Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the pace of change and progress," Guterres said.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped more than 850 million people out of poverty - the biggest poverty alleviation achievement in history, "he said.
He said China had witnessed transformative outcomes in terms of its vision of achieving the Millennium Development Goals: Declining infant and maternal mortality rates, improved nutrition, a reduced population of stunted growth, and a halving of those unable to access safe drinking water and sanitation.
Meanwhile, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opens today at
Guterres said this year was also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key player in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the UN regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has been a partner in ensuring that UN activities remain stable.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than a thousand "Blue Helmets" soldiers on missions in South Sudan.
"On the 75th anniversary of the United Nations, we need to re-establish global partnerships to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis," Guterres said.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all, "he said.
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create an unprecedented opportunity for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, the outstanding achievements and the contribution to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity, and China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has achieved great achievements, whether in Xinjiang, north and south of Tianshan, or in Tibet, on the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live in peace and happiness.
Wang said the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people's construction of ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the "One Belt and Road" initiative, and the story of the incubation of the Destiny Community.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping has said, the Green Mountain is Jinshan Silver Mountain.
After continuous efforts, China has taken the path of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with countries around the world, plays a role in solving hot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of a century of unprecedented changes in the world, China actively maintains the United Nations as the core of the international system.
Over the past 70 years, China is young, tall and lush, and no matter how the international wind clouds change, we will stick to our first heart.
Wang Yi meets Malawian Foreign Minister Casella
26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella during the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang said that over the past 12 years, bilateral relations have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been steadily advancing.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China for the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and the two heads of state held a fruitful meeting to lead China-Ma relations to a new level.
China is ready to work with Ma to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation and promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Ma in international affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Mr Cassella said China was a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and that China's development benefited the people of Malawi.
Ma insisted on the one-China policy and thanked China for its support and help to Malawi.
Ma looks forward to the further development of Ma's China-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Ma.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming "XI" Golden Week!
A number of tourism platform big data show that China's tourism consumer market supply and demand two prosperity.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, in light of previous National Day travel statistics, nearly 800 million domestic visitors are expected to travel during this year's National Day holiday; and more than 7.5 million outbound trips will be made.
At present, there are tourists from more than 500 cities through the platform to book and tour, free travel, customized tourism, local play and other products, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 7.26 million domestic visitors during the National Day holiday last year, up 9.43% year on year.
Not only will the number of tourists hit a new high this year, the consumption upgrade will also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday.
The Ctrip report said that the national holiday spent more than 3000 yuan per capita on cross-provincial tourism, up from the same period last year, because tourists generally chose to experience better products, such as high-scoring brand hotels, no-shopping tours, fine tours, special car guides, etc.
Donkey Mom Travel Network booking data shows a similar trend, with the full use of comfortable models and less than 10 "private groups" more popular than in previous years.
Spring and autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer heavy experience, heavy service, heavy differentiation of the "easy to slow down."
According to the flying pig data, the number of bookings for tourists in China's four lines and below has grown fastest, at a rate of 30% year on year, reflecting the upgrading of consumer consumption in more parts of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "XI" Golden Week tour.
According to Ctrip data, orders for car hire during the National Day holiday are expected to grow by nearly 60% year on year, and short drive trips on small lines around the country continue to be popular; the number of private groups has grown by 155% year on year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
According to Ctrip data, 28% of visitors to the National Day holiday are parents, 25% are couples, and 23% are colleagues.
From the age of tourists, "post-80" and "post-90" accounted for more than 50% of the total number of visitors.
It is worth noting that, unlike the rapid growth of previous Golden Week outbound travel, the domestic travel market has been more "eye-catching" this year.
The number of people booking domestic travel routes for the National Day holiday this year rose 42% year on year, faster than outbound travel, according to Flying Pig data.
Industry analysis, while demand is high, all over the country to promote tourism supply-side reform, to provide tourists with a richer "feast of literature and tourism."
For example, the State Sports Administration, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly issued the "2019 Golden Week Sports Tourism Boutique Line"; the 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival is launching seven plate 100 cultural and tourism events to attract Chinese and foreign visitors.
According to Ctrip booking data, the most "fire" destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics in the country, Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live film, "This Present Time - Celebrating the New China 70 Chinese New Year," will be broadcast in sync on October 1 in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces across the country.
The Central Radio and Television Chancellors will broadcast live on the big screen the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, military parade and mass parade through 4K ultra clear signal.
On the day of the National Day, the General Radio and Television Station will set up more than 100 aircraft stations and set up more than 200 sound picking equipment along Changan Street and the celebration area, using camera language and the same period of sound, for the first time to achieve full flow, full factor 4K ultra high voice and 5.1 sound winding.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
China faces a severe pork shortage after the outbreak of swine fever in Africa, promising to become Australia's largest beef export market, said an animal protein analyst at Rabobank, a Dutch cooperative bank.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal protein, an outbreak that has led authorities to destroy many herds, halving the number of pigs in China and nearly doubling the price of pork in the past year.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at the Dutch Co-operative Bank in China, said demand for other meat, including beef, has increased, with China, the world's largest animal protein importer, accounting for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms Ban said beef imports from Australia increased 65 per cent in the first half of the year, with China outpacing the US and Japan as Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the ruling of the Chinese Communist Party.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always connected its destiny closely with the fate of the peoples of the world.
The white paper says China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the world's largest developing country, China has unswervingly taken its own path, concentrated its efforts to do its own thing, make the country richer and stronger, the people happier, and inject stability and certainty into a complex and changeable world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping.
China has always taken economic construction as the focus of the country, unswervingly taking the path of high-quality development, implementing new development ideas of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared, accelerating the construction of a modern economic system and better meeting the people's growing need for a better life.
To let the common people live a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese military has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper notes that China insists on win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only want themselves to have a good day, but also the people of other countries."
China insists on developing innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promoting the construction of high-quality development of the "One Belt and Road" and promoting the global cause of poverty alleviation and development.
The white paper says China firmly maintains and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative to strengthen guidance and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening strategy, create a fuller, deeper and more pluralistic opening up pattern, achieve wider mutual benefit and win-win outcomes, and safeguard and promote economic globalization with real action.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism, and the opening of the door to the outside world will be greater, accelerating regional economic integration and continuing to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The white paper notes that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the United Nations as its core international system, firmly uphold the international order centered on the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, join all countries in upholding multilateralism and opposing unilateralism.
Maintaining fairness and justice is China's basic criterion for dealing with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system chosen by all peoples independently, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes external interference in his domestic affairs.
China will never impose its will on people, nor will anyone be allowed to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says China is actively involved in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always maintained a balance of rights and obligations, not only seeing China's development requirements for the world, but also seeing the international community's expectations for China and actively participating in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideological ideas, institutional settings and operational models, better fulfill the responsibilities entrusted by the United Nations Charter and play a greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China is actively promoting the innovative development of global governance ideas, summarizing the successful practice and experience of national governance in a timely manner, actively exploring the positive ways and ideas of governance in Chinese culture and the common point of today's era, and striving to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese programmes and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council's "Peace and Security in Africa" public meeting at the UN headquarters in New York.
In his statement, Wang said China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China is never absent.
At this moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five UN mission zones in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been sailing in the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years, completing more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
'we support Africa's ability to strengthen peace and security, 'Wang said.
President Xi Jinping announced in September 2015 that the China-UN Peace and Development Fund, which focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development, has so far carried out 34 non-related projects and become a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and travel side by side.
World's oldest hairdresser dies at 108 after cutting hair for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, 108, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Kim's world record in New York, has never retired to cut his hair for his guests every day, but on 19 days Manziel died from complications of jaw cancer and said goodbye to his 96 years of hair-cutting.
According to CNN, Mancinelli emigrated to the United States at the age of 8 and soon helped clean the floor in a barbershop, and at the age of 12 began picking up scissors to serve guests to relieve the family's financial pressure.
Mancinelli, who had attended primary school at the time, did not graduate later.
Mancinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved work and people from all over the world liked him, but his father, who had been healthy, was diagnosed with cancer in February this year and was finally unable to work because of physical factors six weeks before his death, but this was not a retirement because he planned to wait for his hair to be cut back.
Robert, 82, said he now has to find a new hairdresser after his father's death because he has spent his life helping his father cut his hair.
Listed companies buy back more than 100 billion yuan in year - Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have frequently bought back shares in the past two years, hoping to pass on the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, thereby stabilizing the share price and boosting investor confidence.
Dongfang Wealth Choice data show that in 2017, listed companies spent 7.9 billion yuan on buybacks, jumped to 51 billion yuan in 2018, and since 2019, the total amount of buybacks by A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, a record high in repurchases of A-shares, and far more than in previous years.
From the purpose of the buyback, the company's repo shares appear to be the same as the increase of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the implementation of the subject, source of funds, repurchase uses, the equity of the stock itself.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mekorong Information Consulting Co. Ltd., told the Securities Daily that in November 2018, the "Views on Supporting the Repo of Shares of Listed Companies", aimed at the narrower scope of share buybacks, complex decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory systems, began to improve the repo of shares from the previous year.
In January, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange formally issued the Implementation Rules for the Repo of Shares of Listed Companies, which broadened the source of buyback funds for listed companies, streamlined implementation procedures, guided improvement of governance arrangements, and encouraged all kinds of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee ownership plans.
After the introduction of the opinion, the operation of the listed company to buy back shares has more applicable circumstances, the repo process is simpler and the share buyback enthusiasm is greater.
Buying shares in relatively low positions is also conducive to the use of funds by listed companies, thus increasing the level of earnings per share, raising net asset yields and easing the pressure on the company's profitability indicators.
Compared with the increase of major shareholders, the significance of repo shares of listed companies is greater, also reflects the active market value management willingness and cash flow of listed companies.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued stock price is the main factor in the buyback of listed companies, the company's share price is no longer able to reflect the future development prospects of the company, so such companies deserve investors' attention, but cannot blindly invest, need to pay attention to the financial reports of such listed companies and specific operating conditions.
Listed companies with massive repo behavior at least show the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The enthusiasm for buyback among A-share listed companies is heating up and normalizing repo behavior, with data showing that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share buybacks this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the buyback market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the repo progress, saying that the company has bought back  million shares of A shares, or 0.315% of the company's total equity, and has paid a total of 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs), and that the buyback will be fully used in employee shareholding plans, including but not limited to the company's shareholder meeting plan.
Erie shares have paid 57.92 billion yuan for share buybacks and have been adjusted for the purpose of repurchase shares in the near future, changing from the original plan to "buy back all shares as a source of later equity incentives" to "buy back 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares are used to implement equity incentives, and the remaining  million will be used to reduce the registered capital."
Erie said the write-off of some of the repurchased shares would help to further enhance the level of earnings per share and effectively improve the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group issued a buyback progress announcement on September 25, showing that TCL Group had bought back 3.59 percent of the company's shares at a cost of 16.5 billion yuan.
The board office of TCL Group told the Securities Daily News that the buyback would be used for employee shareholding plans, equity incentives or corporate bonds that could be converted into shares issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adhere to the established business strategy, continuously improve competitiveness, sustained and healthy development.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and the maintenance of investor interests, combined with the performance of the secondary market of the company's stock for nearly a year, and taking into account the company's operating situation and financial situation, the company plans to buy back its shares using its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods.
Yang Drong, a former chief economist at Sea Open Source Fund, said the operation of listed companies to buy back shares could reduce the number of shares in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies.
Buybacks of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially in merit stocks, and it is a very good way to boost investor confidence through share buybacks, and it is worth affirming and encouraging.
Hunan Provincial Committee Standing Committee, Changsha Municipal Committee Clerk Hu Henghua and Engineering Machinery Manufacturing Xiangjun four palm doors - Jian Pure New, Liang Stegen, Ho Tsinghua and Liu Feixiang, around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" set a "small goal" - three or five years after building the world's leading machinery industry cluster.
In Changsha to create the world's leading level of engineering machinery industry cluster, in the current fashionable words, is to create "the strongest surface."
As an inland provincial capital city, Changsha called out this rhetoric, what is the base?
It is the power of bullying.
The four engineering machinery enterprises that participated in the dialogue, all of them, covered the fields of sky, underground, sea and land: the intelligent light aircraft of the mountain river, the concrete conveyor pump of the Zhongzhong Branch, the whole ground crane of the Trinity Heavy Industries, the tunnel shield machine of the iron construction, its "hard power".
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of engineering machinery and manufacturing.
Time Shiyi, Chinese enterprises "introduced" "go out" two-wheel drive, take the "One Belt and Road" initiative of the east wind, buy, merge, set up factories and so on, one leap into the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, Trinity Heavy Industries, CUHK, Iron Construction Heavy Industries, Mountain River Intelligent and other engineering machinery leading enterprises, its output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, have led the same enterprises significantly.
On the basis of the timing of the motion.
Construction machinery Xiangjun "four King Kong", is the best of Changsha engineering machinery industry cluster, also is the head enterprise of the global engineering machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, who lives down and lives well, is the hard place to speak.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry suffered a cold winter, many well-known international engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises fell down, but Changsha's engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises regarded "cat winter" as "winter swimming", self-pressure, self-breakthrough, through the transformation of industrial structure, from manufacturing to intellectual transformation, not only in the past, but also more robust.
On the basis of the stars of the moon, the government and enterprises together.
The development of superior industries requires both enterprising enterprises and active government action.
Changsha has a reputation as the "capital of engineering machinery" because it converges the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creates a number of related industrial clusters, and reduces the cost of R  D, manufacturing and sales by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services, simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology, let the engineering machinery and manufacturing enterprises poured in.
History has pushed Changsha to the front desk of the leading level of engineering machinery in the world.
Whether the government, enterprises, and even related production and research enterprises, and other links, should seize the opportunity, homeward, bite the target, continue to develop strength, and contribute to the construction of the manufacturing power of Hunan.
Wang Yi presides over foreign ministers of China and the Council's African member states.
Wang Yi said China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
China stands firmly with the African brothers, both in the past, now and in the future.
We advocate the holding of this foreign ministers' meeting, a concrete initiative to implement the important consensus reached between President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September, in order to strengthen China's solidarity with African countries in the Security Council and to promote better international support for peace and development in Africa.
Wang said Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a wide range of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen solidarity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity and strength, solve disputes by consultation, rely on self-reliance, and rely on development and governance.
The foreign ministers of the African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said non-China relations were based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China had always been the most trusted and trusted partners.
The non-side appreciates China's important and active role as a permanent member of the Security Council in African affairs, has strongly promoted a fair and reasonable settlement of Africa's problems, and has made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding Africa's interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
Africa currently faces terrorist and extremist threats, and only by addressing security issues can it truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating our position with China in the Security Council and strengthening solidarity and cooperation.
Wang said there was an important consensus reached at today's meeting.
We all support upholding multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and opposing unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen China-Africa mutual support cooperation in United Nations and Security Council affairs, safeguard the common interests of Central Africa and the developing countries in general; we all support African countries to solve African problems in Africa in an African way, and demand that the United Nations should support independent development of Africa. We firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and denying them the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Lake sheep carry "out of poverty".
September autumn rendering of the loess plateau.
In the Yimin Cultivation Professional Cooperative in the town of Stagecoach, 58-year-old villager Xia Vili filled the slot in the sheep circle with a final shovel of grass, stood at the edge of the trough, watching the white lake sheep chew.
"It's good to eat, and when autumn and winter are full of fat, it can sell for a good price."
He said he fed the sheep "special nutritious meals" every day, regularly cleaning, sterilizing, carefully waiting to not neglect.
Shavili kept sheep for more than 20 years, until he came to work in a cooperative, to know how rough it used to be.
Xia Wei is the village of Xia Shui Chi in Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional way of keeping sheep, poor quality of sheep, small outputs.
In June, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to shift.
Xhavili spent all day studying farming, because he was always holding his heart.
The people who enter the stock are poor, they all trust the sheep to the cooperative, the end of the year can pay dividends, sell the price, but all expect him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to fight epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, became one of the few farming "good style" in the village.
Yimin Cultivation Professional Cooperatives are a standardised cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that standardised sheep sheds are very door-to-door.
"Wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria, lake sheep can't stay in muggy and wet places, sheep sheds must be built on three sides of the trench, and have to be equipped with a fan to ventilate the heat."
In order to vaccinate, Zou Tao said, it is also necessary to regularly sterilize the sheep shed spray and give the sheep three to four anti-epidemic needles in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "Little Fat Sheep" has to eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa, and has enough broad "playground" to stretch its bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of hosting substitutes to guide local farmers to put good species of lake sheep here, raise, manage and sell them uniformly, and realize breeding, scientific, standardization and intensive farming.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep are paid more than 6,000 yuan per household each year, and four people working in the cooperative work for poverty alleviation.
From "full mountain grazing" to "precise feeding," from "local mating" to "artificial insemination," from "looking at body shape, touching belly" to "doing B supero".... in Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not just a transformation of feeding methods, "dragon enterprises + cooperative + farmers have overcome the traditional landscape of sheep farming and sheep farming. The poor days are getting better because of the modernization of sheep.
If the market price is weak, Zou Tao said, local leading company Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd. will buy at the bottom of the market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general adviser to Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Gansu Province, said that enterprises have led more and more poor households to "sheep Sutra" by providing loan guarantees, sheep supply, order farming, bid acquisition and unified processing and sales services for poor households.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" the forage farming, breeding, scale farming, slaughter division, market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral fault zone, forage resources are rich.
At present, there are 913 meat and sheep scale farms and cooperatives in the city, with more than 5 million meat and sheep breeders, and two processing production lines of 1.3 million meat and sheep slaughter, and sheep are becoming the "leader" of poverty alleviation in the industry.
French finance minister says tax cuts of more than 100 billion euros next year and calls on Germany to follow up
Paris (Reuters) - France will cut taxes by more than €10 billion ($109 billion) next year, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday, while Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive a depressed economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing initiative has created an opportunity for governments in member states with capacity to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to record lows on September 12 and plans to restart purchases to drive down borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and boost inflation.
"Low interest rates will not allow Europe to prosper again, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, needs it now, the sooner the better. Don't wait for the situation to deteriorate before acting," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on several occasions.
France has already implemented tax cuts of more than €10 billion this year, giving France a big boost to economic growth.
And the global economy has lost momentum and the export-dependent German economy has borne the brunt.
Le Maire noted that the tax burden on French households will be reduced by €9.3 billion next year, including €5 billion in income tax relief.
In addition, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly €1 billion as the corporate tax rate will be phased in over a five-year period from 3.3% to 25%.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing that the planning, construction, renovation and management of martyrs' cemetery should be strengthened.
In order to carry out the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping and focus on promoting the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the Central Office of the CPC Central Committee, the Office of the State Council and the Central Military Commission have issued the overall work plan for the planning and maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities.
The Work Programme is a framework document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It defines the objectives of the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It proposes to plan for the construction of martyrs' memorial facilities, improve the system of promoting the red education base of the British spirit.
The Work Programme is clear that we should strengthen the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, strengthen the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities in accordance with the principles of overall arrangement and long-term focus, strengthen the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, strengthen the leadership system, improve the policy and regulatory system; organize the implementation of qualitative improvement projects, improve the facilities, strengthen the service capacity; optimize the exhibition, improve the overall performance and improve the overall performance.
The Work Programme emphasizes that the system and organizational security should be improved, the organization leadership should be strengthened, the work mechanism of leading the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, the relevant units to cooperate actively and participate widely in the society. Around the implementation of the heroic martyrs' protection law, the improvement of the system of regulations, the continuous promotion of the planning and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, standardization and specialization, strengthening of the construction of the construction of the team, and the construction of the community, and the training of the training of the community, and training of veterans' institutions, and training of the community, and training of the community, and training of the training of the community Leading, pluralistic investment, active advocacy to encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to contribute and support the renovation and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Study: U.S. National Health Diet Index up slightly but still challenging - CUHK
(Reuters Health) - The U.S. government's healthy eating index has grown modestly in 16 years, from 56 to 58, according to a new study in the United States.
But when the full score is 100, it's not worth celebrating.
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the study's authors, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said Americans still eat too much food that could trigger diseases such as heart disease, diabetes, obesity, among the most common diseases among U.S. nationals.
The study was published online 24 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study was based on findings from a health survey of 4.4 million adults conducted by the U.S. government between 1999 and 2016.
"Notable dietary challenges remain despite significant improvements," the authors wrote.
The challenges are known to include reducing Americans' intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cows, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that people's daily intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5 per cent to 12 per cent, exceeding the recommended 10 per cent limit.
The biggest improvement in the nation's diet is the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the amount of added sugar should be less than 10% in a daily diet.
For reasons of lower sugar intake, the researchers believe it is related to a decrease in people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
U.S. adults have a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole grain categories.
However, the 2016 data shows that these foods still account for less than 5 percent of their daily diet.
Despite a slight reduction in salt intake and reduced consumption of fruit juice, which leads to lower carbohydrate intake, Zhang said they still account for up to 42 percent of daily calories, many of them from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on a biennial survey of personal health that will allow adults to recall the foods they have eaten in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's guidelines for Americans' diets recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce the risk of developing chronic diseases.
The guidelines state that people should eat more nutrient-dense foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs, seeds that can provide protein.
During the study period, the number of Americans with diabetes nearly doubled, by more than 7%, and obesity increased for many years between the surveys – about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese today.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among U.S. nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Members of the Politburo of the CPC Central Committee, the Registrar of the Central Committee and the Minister of Central Economy, Nguyen Wenping, attended the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the forum identified the theme as "the EU and Asia to achieve docking: building bridges for a sustainable future."
The forum was held a year after the implementation of the docking strategy on both continents of the EU.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the strengthening of docking was part of the claim because it brought benefits to the peoples and economies of the countries concerned.
These relations help to bring stability and prosperity to all concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to send a message about boosting participation and consolidating Europe ’ s reciprocal docking relationship with Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a guest of honour at the forum and will give a major speech at the plenary session.
China's first equity bank financial subsidiary to set up technology empowerment management business
On the 26th, Guangda Bank's wholly owned subsidiary, Guangda Financial Management Co. Ltd., was officially established in Qingdao, the first joint-stock bank financial subsidiary in China.
Experts say asset management is an important area of financial technology development, and the bank's establishment of a financial subsidiary is conducive to its use of technological means to upgrade its management business.
In April, Guangda Bank and China Merchants Bank issued separate announcements saying it had been approved by the CBRC to build a financial subsidiary.
On September 24, Guangda Bank announced that Guangda Financial Management had officially been allowed to open.
In just 2 days, Guangda Bank leads many joint-stock banks, the first to set up Guangda Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Guangda Group, said Guangda Group will speed up the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, improve the coverage, usage and penetration of financial capital, and improve customers' sense of access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial and technological development, further enhance the ability of the financial industry to apply technology, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and obviously enhance the satisfaction of the people with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xu Yang, chairman of Guangda Financial Management, said that the management platform of Guangda Financial Management will use smart investment, intelligent investment research, big data and other technologies to help Guangda manage better macroeconomic situation judgment.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will be used to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
In the face of a new competition in the management industry, financial technology companies and management agencies will use management technology to explore new growth paths, said Dong Miao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory.
The financial technology empowerment management industry is not only the need of the transformation and development of financial technology, but also will inject new vitality and vitality into the development of management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology introduced a new management technology system to enhance the R  D and wind control ability of management products with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system starts from the product design, sales transaction, asset management, risk assessment 4 ability, improve the overall intelligent operation level of management industry.
Experts believe that management technology can enhance risk prevention and management efficiency while improving customer service ability and innovating rich products.
Zhang Xu Yang said that the risk of positioning customers through questionnaires was easy to deviate, and now using artificial intelligence for user portraits, it helps to better locate customers and launch corresponding products based on customers' investment preferences, helping to defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as electrical merchants, space-time data can help us better characterize a region, an industry's activity, boom."
While defusing risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities, Zhang said.
China railway tunnel shaft's deepest record is refreshed
After more than 1,200 days of round-the-clock construction, the construction of the No. 1 shaft of the Great (Li) Railway High Lai Gong Mountain Tunnel was completed on September 27, and the depth of the well reached  59 meters below the ground, breaking the record of the Chinese railway tunnel.
The  km long DaRi Railway High Lai Gong Mountain Tunnel is located in Yunnan, the tunnel from the west bank of the Nangjiang River across the High Lai Gong Mountain Mountains, the longest single tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel runs through 19 fault zones and is at a maximum depth of  meters, because it covers almost all of the bad geology and major risks that tunnel construction may encounter, the High Levien Mountain Tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary pit road of the High Lai Gong Mountain Tunnel. It is an important task to increase the operating surface to realize the "short strike of the long tunnel" and the ventilation of the later railway operation.
The successful excavation of the No. 1 shaft to the bottom of the well marks the official entry into the horizontal tunnel construction of the High Lai Gong Mountain Tunnel. After the excavation and equipment replacement of the bottom of the well, four operating surfaces can be added under the well to speed up the opening of the tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation, because the granite formation is more fractured, can not stop the water, from top to bottom flow, basically how deep the water pressure is."
Shi Jingzhao, Chief Engineer of the Dali Railway Project Department of the Central Rail Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that in the construction of the shaft, there have been many accidents such as water and collapse, and the construction party invited experts to take the pulse on the site and more than 20 research and treatment options.
"When the water in the shaft is highest, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour, more than 700 meters deep at the bottom of the well, and the water pressure is equivalent to 700 meters deep at the bottom of the sea."
"If the drainage is not pumped in time, one hour will flood the well by 10 metres, we will spend almost 85 per cent of our time on water treatment and 15 per cent of our time on digging," he said.
In order to overcome the geologic problems such as longitudinal joints development, water inrush and water-rich granite in No. 1 shaft, the tunnel construction uses a system of water treatment measures combined with "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the risk of construction.
After many improvements, the construction of No. 1 shaft has formed a mechanized water line such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lift system, and so on.
In the end, after more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation of a depth of  59 meters.
The DaRi railway is 330 kilometers long and is an important part of the China-Myanmar international channel and an important transportation infrastructure for the construction of the "One Belt and Road".
After the completion of the train, Dali to Ruili will be reduced from 6 hours on the road to 2 hours, will greatly improve the transportation pattern in the western Yunnan region, and will promote the friendly exchanges between China and South Asian countries in economic and trade cooperation and personnel.
Mrs Lam: As Chinese people take pride in their country's achievements
The 70th Anniversary of the Hong Kong Press.
"Hong Kong Press Celebrates the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" held in Hong Kong
In a speech at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, said that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years have been seen by the world and we are proud to be Chinese.
Mrs Lam, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Hong Kong, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Foreign Affairs, Mr Song Ruoan, Deputy Political Commissioner of the PLA Forces in Hong Kong, Mr Chen Yadin, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Celebration National Day, Mr Jiang, attended the reception and served as the main guest.
In her speech, Mrs Lam pointed out that China has been a mainstay in the past 70 years, even though it has faced many difficult challenges, but has overcome them all, and the achievements of the world are obvious, and we as Chinese are proud.
Hong Kong has been closely linked to the Mainland since its return to the motherland, and has made progress together to share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to develop its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the "One Belt, One Road" and the Tai Wan District of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, and seek a better future for Hong
She also said there had been constant social disputes in Hong Kong over the past few months, with every Hong Kong person affected and journalists facing different challenges.
At this critical juncture, we hope that the press friends will continue to face the difficulties, uphold the professionalism, make fair and equal news reports for the community, and do their best for the future of Hong Kong to return to rational communication.
Jiang pointed out that the glorious history of New China is also the course of Hong Kong's development with the motherland, common progress, blood connection, honor and shame.
In particular, since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central Committee has unswervingly implemented the "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people to govern Hong Kong" and a highly autonomous approach, and Hong Kong has worked with the Mainland and the Mainland to help each other and jointly create a miracle of mutual benefit and win-win and economic takeoff.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said there had been a series of violent acts in Hong Kong over the past three months that were blatantly illegal and wanton to destabilize society, and that some media outlets had contributed to the violence by publishing distorted, false reports.
He called on the media to agitate and create a good atmosphere for all to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media should adhere to the professional standards of journalism, guide the public to consciously and violently with real reports and responsible statements, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised a glass with the officiating guests to send their blessing to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic
The reporter learned from the publicity department of Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the Regulations on the Promotion of Civilization Behaviors in Xining City from October 1, focusing on 15 uncivilized acts such as pedestrians not following traffic lights, throwing objects from buildings, and setting up a list of key governance and setting up corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy minister of publicity and director of the city's Civilization Office, said that since Xining won the title of the national civilization city in 2017, the level of civil civilization and morality has improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behavior such as smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and letting them pee in the ground is still very prominent, and it is easy to rebound and need to be resolved as soon as possible.
In combination with Xining's practice, the regulations put forward a more comprehensive and high standard of civil code of conduct for individuals and units, so as to make clear what "society can do" and "what can be done", from public places, public order, public facilities, public health, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building a civilized campus, promoting the construction of civilized families, carrying out official duties, commemorating heroic martyrs and medical services.
"The introduction of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of cognition of civilized behavior, to provide a strong rule of law for the creation of normalization of the work of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City."
Xining Standing Committee of the Standing Committee of the People's Congress said.
Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight - CUHK
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) this afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Metro company issued a notice saying that between September 27 and October 7, Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted to extend the last bus operating date.
During the delay, Metro Line 1 and 2 will operate until the early hours of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes of traffic.
Line 1 extended operating time by 61 minutes west to east, 64 minutes east to west, the last bus departure time of all stations along the route was after 00: 30 the next day; Line 2 extended operation by 81 minutes, the outer ring extended operation by 95 minutes, and the last bus departure time of each station along the route was at 0: 20: 00 the next day.
The last bus departure time of the subway line 7 Beijing West Station (direction to the coking plant station) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day. The last bus departure time of the coking plant station (direction to Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
British tourist's car keys fall into lake and family stranded in France for five days
A Welsh couple who took their two children to France on holiday accidentally dropped their car keys into the lake and the family were forced to wait five days to get the new keys from the carmaker.
The couple then left France with their children.
On September 16, local time, the British family was visiting a lake in France when their daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake, according to reports.
But they spent hours and failed to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Despite British tourists buying insurance before departure, insurance companies refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage and then re-order the keys from the carmaker.
A few days later, the British tourist finally got the keys to the concoction, and the couple left France with their children.
And their scheduled trip was forced to cancel because of the loss of the car keys.
Saudi official releases tourist visas for 49 countries including China
(Dubai 27) From now on, the Saudis have officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 yuan).
Visitors are required to prepare a medical insurance package covering Saudi territory and provide an address within Saudi Arabia that can be applied.
Visitors can apply for a landing at the airport after the plane has landed, or apply for an electronic signature through visa.visitsauddi.com.
Among them, electronic signing for more than a year of entry, can allow tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most secretive country because the country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has pushed ahead with the “Vision 2030 ” program, led by Deputy Crown Prince Mahamadeh Ben Salman, aimed at reducing the country ’ s long-term dependence on oil, opening up tourism and developing tourism as an important part of its program.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko on a work visit to Xingan Province, Vietnam.
At the meeting, Xingan Provincial Committee Secretary Du Jingzhi highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xingan Province.
MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Factory Completion and Production is an important development pace in the cooperation between the two countries and helps to promote the cooperation between Xingan Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Xingan Provincial Committee Secretary Du Jingzhi said Xingan province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to invest in the province, and hopes that in the future Belarus will take more strong measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xingan Province and Vietnam, and to assist the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko expressed his gratitude to Xingan Province for facilitating production and business activities for Belarusian enterprises in the near future.
It is hoped that Xingan Province will continue to facilitate Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA car production and installation plant.
Pilot notification system in areas such as low-risk variety food production license, decentralization of foreign enterprise representative office to the free trade zone
27, the Shanghai Market Supervision Authority signed a working memorandum with the Pudong New District Government to introduce 20 market regulatory reform measures, some of which are the first in the country.
According to the introduction, the commitment refers to the administrative organ in writing to inform the applicant of the conditions and requirements of the laws and regulations in the case of the relevant licensing registration matters.
After the applicant signs the promise, the administrative organ can handle it directly.
According to the memo, the Shanghai market regulator will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Self-Trade Test Area to register the name of the enterprise, handle the process simple, low-risk variety food production license, some metering appliance type approval, and other three areas to inform the undertaking system, so as to make enterprise access more convenient.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. became the first company to enjoy a pilot dividend by informing it of the commitment to obtain the Food Production License on the spot.
The head of the business said food permits were also available on the spot, and that there was a "lack of admissibility" way of allowing companies to submit part of the material in accordance with the deadline agreed to inform the undertaking, "and that the convenience of reform was actually felt."
The Shanghai market regulator said it was the first pilot in the country to inform the implementation of food production permits.
After the reform, the approval process is compressed from the previous six links of "registration, admissibility, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material audit and approval certificate" to the "registration, admissibility, examination and approval certificate". The closing time is reduced from 20 working days before the reform to the spot.
Taking into account the high extroversion characteristics of Pudong economy, the Shanghai market regulator decentralized the registration of resident representative institutions of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Area to facilitate enterprises to deal with them in close proximity.
Statistics show that the decentralization involves a total of  permanent representative bodies in the Shanghai Free Trade Area, 99 of which have been handled in accordance with the new rules.
"XI" long holiday consumption small survey: choose more pluralistic tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually finalized.
The Securities Daily reporter recently launched a small survey of the "XI" holiday arrangement in a circle of friends, and received nearly 20 feedback that everyone's plans, although different, "tourism + consumption" became the keyword of the "XI" holiday.
Specifically, in feedback obtained by reporters at the Securities Daily, more than half of people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said that "the 'XI' period plans to take his family to Shanghai, Disney is the first stop, then go to the surrounding cities to turn around"; Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, "a family of three on September 28, planning a trip around the island of ten days; Mr. Zhang, who is planning a trip to Chongqing. It is not convenient to go out to Shandong and play by the sea for a few days.
According to the National Day Golden Week in 2019, the trend of travel and travel for residents of the National Day Golden Week shows that this year's National Day Golden Week has a clear trend of consumption promotion in three subdivisions: travel, residence and travel.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report 2019, released by the United States Mission, showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and showed a "eating and living" diversification upgrade.
More young people travel to favor high-quality, distinctive experiences, cultural tourism, night tourism and other hot degrees continue to soar.
In addition to tourism, various types of consumer demand also concentrated release during the "XI" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily that "the main plan for this year's' XI 'is to buy a car."
In general, September and October are known as the golden period for car sales, a member of staff at a car brand 4S store in Beijing told the Securities Daily.
During the "XI" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, shop to reduce, etc.
In addition, many brands have introduced new models in the near future, and the effect of new products on sales is expected to be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption promotion, people pay more attention to the demand satisfaction at the spiritual level, and the consumption of services such as culture and education is increasing.
"Since the birth of her child, cultural and educational consumption has become a big part of household spending," said Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing.
This year's' XI 'is full, going to the' card 'planetarium, the children's theatre, about a few families to spend the weekend camping in tents at the elk museum, and arranging some auditions.
Some people in the industry say that, in theory, the evolution path of consumption promotion for residents is from subsistence consumption to developing consumption and hedonistic consumption, in which a significant proportion of the content of hedonic consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising level of residents' income, people pay more and more attention to the consumption demand at the spiritual level, tourism and travel is a good way.
In particular, catch up with the "XI" National Day holiday, time is more abundant, people are more willing to travel and consumption, this can meet the spiritual level of consumption demand, as well as the embodiment of the consumer upgrade.
The afternoon began to be lonely, unwilling to go out, has not adjusted the good children are not around the state.
Pick up the spirit, say to dog Nana: Mom takes you out.
After carefully writing a few things to do outside the house, the character of type A blood is getting stronger and stronger, they feel very awkward.
Take the suit, buy the nutritious grains, pay for the raw fish fillets, Nana's small snack.
These are the reasons to go out.
On the phone, I just finished my sister, Love Qiang, thanks to Nana, otherwise there is no excuse for buying small snacks.
There, laughing a few times, said that the child came to the phone and hung up.
Nana jumped on the assistant seat lightly, leaning down honestly, she knew she was carsick, scared, and did not want to accompany me.
Husband Boo rarely came back early.
The salads of salmon mixed with butter and fruit are delicious, and then go to the bedroom to lie on the bed and watch TV.
Look at the wall of , just 7 o'clock, the sunrise of the country sunset is also early, the sky is already dark.
Friends in the circle are inventing the month, originally today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a bunch of grapes sent by friends, leave half to Boo, the rest in the favorite flower bowl, and bring out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate grapes and she ate skin, and I spat the seed of the grape far away.
The moon is hidden in the clouds, so that the cloud is walking, the moon suddenly appears, a bit of a gill in the light of the light.
In my mind, there are all kinds of poems about the Ming Moon, but I just like it clearly: every three or five people will be together / full of the Qing Guangguang Yushu column / the sky round to take out / the world name to look up.
Perhaps we give the moon too much emotion, for the present I come to be, in fact, that God's return to God, Caesar's is the best.
The moon is the color of the moon, the mood is your own.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon is chilly.
With a slight snore at her feet, Nana stood up and spread her little blanket over the edge of her little house, where Nana lay merrily on it.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water burning?
From the bathroom window is not able to see the moon, can only feel the moonlight, turn off the bathroom lights, grandly open the glass.
No mooncakes, no drinking.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo releases mascots.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo mascot release ceremony is held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on May 26.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two Emirati children, three flying robots and an Emirati national tree.
The launch presented the audience with information about the six mascots by playing a short video clip.
Nine-year-old boy Rashid and eight-year-old girl Latifa are brothers and sisters representing the people of the UAE.
Three robots correspond to three sub-themes of the Expo, blue robots represent "mobility," green robots represent "sustainability" and yellow robots represent "opportunity."
An ancient bean tree, named "Salama," is the "old grandmother" of five "little ones," symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, president of the Dubai Expo High Commission, said mascots could strengthen the emotional connection between big events and participants, "believing that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will deliver the traditional spirit of telling stories, showing the creativity of native talent and expressing our ambitions and expectations."
Emirati Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation and Dubai World Expo Director Liam Hashemi attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme "ditch ideas and create the future."
It will be the first time the Expo has been held in the Middle East.
Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate degrees from next year
At the beginning of 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply directly for German university undergraduate degrees without having to enroll in domestic universities, Germany's Anabin Database, which evaluates foreign qualifications, announced on the official website.
Prior to that, Chinese high school graduates wanted to apply for German universities, needed to study at home for a semester ( 985 universities) or three semester (average undergraduate), and passed APS audits or TestAS exams.
The release of the new rules will save at least half a year for Chinese students who are willing to study in Germany.
It is understood the new rules will take effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants need to be satisfied: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; take part in the college entrance examination, the college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination scores reach 70% and above the total score (if the total score is 750, it needs to reach more than 525 points), and include two language scores as well as a mathematical or natural science score.
In addition, the specific professional requirements for the college entrance examination results are different.
For example, applying for medical science, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the college entrance examination scores need to reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two doors of mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or comprehension; apply for legal specialties, the scores must be up to 80% of the total score, and include at least 80% of foreign language subjects.
According to incomplete statistics, there are already many countries, including Germany, Britain, Canada, Australia, and other countries, such as China's college entrance examination results.
Taking the UK as an example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University and Leicester University are all subject to Chinese students applying for college entrance examination results.
Military "machine dogs" first take a performance class solar troupe: consider including the performance lineup.
The U. S. military funded the development of "machine dogs" for the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil has said it is in talks with Boston Dynamics, which has developed robots, to discuss the feasibility of applying robots to circus performances.
Boston Dynamics Technology Co., 24, released a promotional video for "Four-Foot Robot Spot," which shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot that weighs 14 kilograms and has a high degree of mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control and autonomy that adapts to cross-country terrain.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform that is only specially developed for Spot, and users can set up the Spot robot function themselves through a variety of applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the idea of a machine dog in 1992, which caused a stir, but has not really been put into commercial use so far.
However, Boston Dynamics pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the mass production stage, with buyers mostly in the construction, energy industry.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics, and Cirque du Soleil says the project is still in the process of conception and is assessing the potential for Spot to be used in the performance.
State Council Information Office Releases White Paper on China and the World in a New Era
On the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the State Council Information Office released the White Paper on China and the World in a New Age.
Xu Lun, deputy minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and director of the State Council Information Office, said the white paper focused on "where China comes from and where it goes" "" how China promotes the construction of a world "" and "how China can get along with the world".
The white paper notes that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has undergone dramatic changes, creating an unprecedented miracle of development in human history, especially since the Eighteenth Congress of the Party, which has achieved historic achievements and made historic changes.
Through a lot of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, significance and world contribution of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper notes that China has spent decades walking through the centuries of development in developed countries, with the total economy jumping to second place in the world, with nearly 1.4 billion people escaping material shortages, reaching a generally well-off level and enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have made a new world out of their own hands, self-reliance and hard work; for 70 years, China has developed in interaction with the world, embraced the world, learned the world and contributed the world; and for 70 years, while achieving its own development, China has made a common contribution to world peace and development.
The white paper notes that over the past 70 years, China's development has been successful, at the root of which, under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the Chinese people have found the right path to development with Chinese characteristics and have followed it unswervingly.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road to put the interests of the people first, a road to reform and innovation, a road to seek common development in the open, and a road to governing the country in full accordance with the law.
China's development path, in line with China's national conditions and adapt to the requirements of the times, will increasingly show bright prospects for development as the times go forward.
In response to the international community's concerns about China's development, the white paper stresses that achieving national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness is both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of the peoples of all countries.
The white paper notes that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, opening up to the outside world to create more opportunities for national development, China provides more public goods to the international community, China develops experience and lessons for other developing countries, and China will not go the way of "national strength."
In the face of the era of "what is the world and what does humanity do," the white paper points out that the world is in a century of unprecedented changes, and that human society is both hopeful and challenging.
China has proposed building a community of human destiny, opening up a new path of cooperative win-win and shared development, and providing new options for human development.
The white paper calls on countries to unite, build new international relations, promote new economic globalization, safeguard the international system centered on the United Nations, promote the exchange of civilizations, jointly promote the construction of a community of human destiny and build a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is concerned about how the developed China can get along with the world.
The white paper states that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and that the world's peaceful development and prosperity and stability cannot be separated from
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to cooperation and win-win, common development, insisted on maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developing global partnerships, firmly supported multilateralism, maintained international fairness and justice, promoted the construction of high-quality development of the “One Belt and Road ”, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a contributor to global peace and international development.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper notes that in the new era of China, the determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination to learn from other countries and win cooperation will not change, and the determination to join hands with the world will not change.
The white paper concludes that in today ’ s world, the fate of countries ’ futures has never been so closely linked.
The White Paper on China and the World in the New Era, consisting of preface, text and concluding remarks, contains more than 2.9m words in its entirety.
The white paper is published in eight languages, including China, Britain, France, Russia, Germany, West, Afghanistan and Japan. It is published by the People's Press and Foreign Publishing House respectively and published in Xinhua Bookstore throughout the country.
Does Ma Wah attend the by-election of the seat of Danuo Biai in Johor State?
Ma Hua Association President Nathanael Wei Jiaxiang: "The Supreme Council of the FPI discussion!"
The Dunfermline by-election is in the immediate future, and it is interesting to see whether Ma Hua of the FPI member party is in the traditional state.
However, after the meeting of the Committee of Ma Hua Zhongzhong, it was announced that it would be referred to the Supreme Council of the FLF to decide whether the traditional seat of Ma Hua would continue to be replaced by Ma Hua or other members of the Party.
After presiding over the meeting of the Ma Wah Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei told the media that any by-election would be carried out by the FPI under the standard operating procedure (SOP), which is to be finalized after meeting the FPI Supreme Council.
He said the FPI Supreme Council meeting was expected to take place in early October because the Electoral Commission would meet next Monday (1) to finalize the Dunfermline by-election.
"Yesterday (26) morning, I also saw the chairman of the FPI, Nathanael Armitzhi, and we all agreed that we had to take the seat from the hope coalition."
"We finalize a special meeting of the leaders of the FPI in early October, and the leaders of the FPI will determine which member party will be up for grabs," he said.
Enquiry and whether Ma Hua will insist on the traditional seat to the Supreme Council of the FLDS, and Wei Jixiang reiterated that he, as President of the Ma Wah Association, must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures, so any decision must be made by the FLF consensus.
"In any by-election, it is common for someone to be willing to go out, to have a political party, to have a certain side that they should come out," he said.
"The most important thing is what organization and political union do we come from?"
"This is a big test of our political union over the years, and we believe that the FPI has come along with some valuable value."
"In the process, it's not surprising that someone might say something," he said.
"However, once the Supreme Council of the FPI has made a decision, everyone must prepare for the war, that is the most valuable."
In any case, Mr Wei said Mr Ma would prepare for the coming Danyu by-election at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Council and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by the Chairman of the District Council (Danuo Biai), Nathanael Wong, and the State Council will be led by the Acting Chairman of the Joint Committee of Johor, Nathanu Peixing; and the Central Committee will be deployed in person by the Acting President of the Acting General Association, Nadok Ma Hanshun, and General Secretary, Zhang Sheng."
On Saturday (21), Nadok Mohanaprabi, a member of Congress of the Indigenous Unity Party, died at the government hospital in Dumfries at the age of 42 due to heart problems.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was ordered to "patrol the mountain"
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to compensate him for environmental damage and repair costs of ecological resources of  yuan (RMB, same as below).
Because of the poor family of the accused, the procuratorial organs opened alternative labor compensation ecological restoration costs and realized the organic unity of legal effect and social effect.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy attorney general of the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office, said on Friday that through three months of alternative labor such as "duty patrol", the defendant, Zhou Mou, had established deep feelings with wild macaques and was deeply responsible for the previous animal hunting.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was publicly heard in the county court and sentenced in court.
The defendant, Zhou Mou, was sentenced to three years in prison, four years of probation, and fined 3,000 yuan, while ordered to compensate him for ecological resources environmental damage repair costs of $.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up the grid at the cliff in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including gazelle, small suede, mulberry deer, and so on.
The gazelle belongs to the country's secondary endangered wildlife conservation animals, and small suede and capuchin deer are listed on the National Land Wildlife Conservation List.
During the court hearing, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and behavior and was willing to bear civil liability.
But given the poor economic situation in Zhou's home, under the coordination of the Paukang County Prosecutor's Office, the local village committee, Lin Station and Zhou Mou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation ecological restoration costs: namely, Zhou Mou through the training of macaque monkeys in the village macaque monkey reserve for a year, duty to patrol mountains and forest protection to provide a public welfare service.
For the prosecutor's recommendation, the court said it approved that Zhou's probation should be carried out while actively fulfilling his obligation to "replace labor to compensate for ecological restoration costs."
At present, Zhou has been volunteering in the macaque monkey reserve for three months, touring the mountain actively and performing well.
In recent years, the Paukang County Prosecutor's Office has integrated procuratorial functions and social governance behavior in practice. The scientific application of procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision has minimized the damage caused to the ecological environment by criminal acts through judicial means.
UN awards Earth Defender Award for 'Ant Forest'
In warm applause and grand music, Xu Xiang, head of the Ant Forest project, and user representative Shen Jun Liang took the podium and took the trophy from the host for the 2019 United Nations "Earth Guard Award.
The 2019 Earth Defender Awards ceremony was held in New York, US, on May 26, with the Ant Forest project, which uses mobile phone programs to drive hundreds of millions of people into environmental action, winning the award for "Motivation and Action."
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced a list of awards at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but people attending the awards ceremony that day were still thrilled.
"Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that has allowed hundreds of millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humans can do for the environment, "said Yinghe Anunsheng, executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme, in an interview with Xinhua.
It uses technology to connect people to the environment and allow each individual to participate in actions to protect the planet, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest," launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Gold) on the Alipay platform in August 2016, users save "green energy" in their mobile phones by documenting green travel in their daily lives, paying utilities online, and other low-carbon actions.
Each time the user develops a virtual tree, the "ant forest" and the pro bono partner will plant a real tree in the desertification area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users had accumulated a carbon reduction of  million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertification areas.
In the Earth Defender Award, awarded on the same day by Costa Rica for its national environmental efforts, Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to the prize, praised the contribution of Ant Forest on the scene and "can inspire so many people to participate in green action."
Jing Xiandong, chairman and chief executive of Ant Gold, said the Earth Defender Award was a recognition of the Ant Forest project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life, an honor that belongs to all participants.
Mr Jing said the "ant forest" had affected 500 million people over the past three years, and the goal of the next three years was to drive one billion people around the world into low-carbon action.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring ways to make farmers' incomes more from green mountains and mountains.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it is hoped that farmers will be helped to increase their income through agricultural product development projects, electronic business platforms and so on.
The digital technology based public welfare environmental model created by Ant Forest has also been successfully put out to sea and used by other countries.
In June, the largest "electronic wallet" GCash in the Philippines launched the Philippine version of Ant Forest, encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to the report, GCash will join hands with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, the Environmental Public Interest Organization, and plans to plant 3.65 million trees in the Philippines within a year of the project's launch.
The Earth Defender Award is the United Nations' highest award in the field of environmental protection, awarded annually.
"Ant Forest" won the award for the third year in a row, following the construction of the Selham Dam forest site in China, the "Millennium Village Demonstration and Wan Village Correction" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the US economy "report card."
The US economy ’ s “report card ” for the second quarter of this year showed that US gross domestic product growth slowed significantly from the previous quarter, driven by a sharp decline in private-sector investment and exports.
Analysts say economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring are the main reasons for the decline in private-sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revision, released by the Commerce Department on May 26, showed U.S. GDP grew 2 percent in the second quarter at an annual rate, in line with earlier revised data, but significantly lower than 3.1 percent in the first quarter.
Consumer growth became the main factor supporting U.S. economic growth in the second quarter, the data showed.
Personal consumption spending, which accounts for about 70% of the US economy, rose 4.6% in the quarter, pulling the economy up by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumer spending and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell 6.3 per cent in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell 5.7 per cent from the previous quarter and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the quarter.
Barry Knapp, managing partner at Ainslie Macroeconomic Consulting, said private sector investment had not only failed to sustain last year's growth, but had fallen sharply because of rising economic and trade frictions and uncertainty that had hit corporate confidence.
Mr Knapp believes US corporate capital spending is expected to remain in a downward trend next year amid policy uncertainty.
Analysts believe that while consumer growth has formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are growing signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the outlook for US consumption.
Richard Curtin, the head of the survey and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said in a recent survey, 38 percent of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative effects of tariffs on the U.S. economy, a new high in a year and a half.
Analysts generally agree that the US economy will continue to slow in the future.
But some experts say the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve if economic and trade frictions are eased.
Keen Birch, a global economist at the British Economist think tank, expects the US economy to continue its gradual decline this year, at a slower pace than in the second quarter.
Moody's Analytics chief economist Mark Zandi predicted that the U.S. economy would grow at 2.3 percent this year and slow further to 1.6 percent next year, assuming economic and trade frictions no longer continue to escalate.
The biggest concern for companies at the moment is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring, and if economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the industrial sector will perform much better than it is now, according to Ellen Harzen, investment manager at Putnam Investment.
Matt Merley, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said economic and trade frictions are still "the top issue" and the main reason for this year's sharp volatility in US capital markets, and whether economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to influencing the direction of US capital markets for the rest of the year.
Ningxia first couple to take shared parental leave for 10 days a year for parents of children aged 0 to 3
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is the embodiment of respecting and safeguarding human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the fifteenth meeting of the Standing Committee of the Second National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were adopted.
This is the first local regulation of a comprehensive system enacted by the provincial authorities in Ningxia to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women, which will be formally implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted were revised on the basis of the Measures on the Implementation of the Law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests of the People's Republic of China in Ningxia in 2007. They are divided into nine chapters 65, including general rules, political rights, cultural education rights, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, family rights, legal rights, legal rights and rights.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration of the introduction of shared parental leave for couples, which is pioneered in the country.
In April, the Council of State's Office issued the Guidance Note on Promoting the Development of Child Care Services for Children Under 3.
In the course of the revision of the Ordinance, Ningxia innovated to encourage employers to give couples with children between the ages of zero and three to give them ten days of shared parental leave each year.
At the same time, the regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and protections for female minors.
In section 43 of the Regulations, the latest legislative achievements of China's current civil code personality rights are absorbed, and the composition of sexual harassment, the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment are refined.
Article 44 of the Ordinance expressly prohibits vicious incidents of sexual assault against girls, and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention efforts to become a new standard for the protection of girls in local legislation.
In view of the right of women to know and deal with the common property of married families, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates that women's right to know common property and the obligation of property registration institutions and related subjects to provide solid institutional support for women's rights.
In addition, in response to social hot-button issues, sexism in employment, Article 26 of the Ordinance not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders a ban on indirect discrimination, and absorbs the latest joint interview practice experience, enhances the discipline of sexist violations, and more vigorously defends women's legitimate rights and interests.
In recent years, the joint public inspection department and civil affairs department of Ningxia Women's Federation have been effective in promoting and introducing social professional forces to participate in the mediation and anti-domestic violence of marital and family conflicts.
The Ordinance summarizes and promotes this, encourages the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and requires people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
XingUNITA Yuan Longping Academician Workstation, Inner Mongolia, salt alkali rice per mu yield rice to break a kilo
The reporter learned from the administrative office of XingUNITA in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that the "Xingzhang Yuan Longping Academician Workstation of Xingzhang, Xingzhi," on the spot test and acceptance of salt-alkali rice, reported good news, the average yield of salt-alkali rice per mu exceeded 1,000 jin.
A group of six experts from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Heilongjiang Province, Yangzhou University and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of Hunan Province, sampled the "Xing Salt Series" rice at the scene.
After expert evaluation, the average yield of salt-resistant rice per mu reached  kg on the land with a salinity content of 5 per thousand to 6 per thousand in PH value 8.8 to 9.6.
"The next step is to innovate and reform the salt-resistant rice varieties again, so that the quality is better and the yield is higher," said Wang Shigang, executive director of the Academician Yuan Longping Workstation of XingUNITA.
"On the premise that the production elements are unchanged, I believe that the continuous strengthening of scientific and technological attack, salt-resistant rice will continue to perform miracles in saline-alkali fields," said Yongzheng, vice president of the Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Heilongjiang Province.
XingUNITA belongs to the southern foothills of Daxing'an Ling concentrated in the special sleepy area.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping stood at XingUNITA to debunk the cards.
Academician Yuan Longping led the team of experts to accelerate the introduction of the latest cultivars and advanced technologies of "salt-resistant hybrid rice", to build 960 mu of salt-alkali rice base in the right wing of Kolqin, to adopt side test demonstration, and promote the technical route of local poor people to increase their production and get rich.
This field test of salt-alkali rice provides scientific basis not only for the promotion of low-yield fields in XingUNITA salt alkali to the middle and high yield fields, but also for the cultivation of saline-alkali rice under the same conditions in China.
Australia's new state passed the legalisation of abortion on September 26, local time, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the Australian Network reported.
It is understood the bill has sparked political debate over the past eight weeks, with serious divisions within the Australian Liberal Party since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian New State Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14, making it the third longest bill in the New State Senate to consider it, the report said.
26, the morning after a final vote in the state's House of Representatives to legalize abortion in the new state.
The bill allows women to terminate a pregnancy at 22 weeks of gestation and, if two doctors agree, a woman is also allowed to have an abortion later in the pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the night of 25 that doctors can seek advice from a multidisciplinary panel of the hospital's advisory committee before performing abortion for a woman 22 weeks pregnant.
In addition, amendments passed by the Senate include that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive the termination of a pregnancy.
Previously, the new state governor, Berejiklian, had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill, and Berejiklian had repeatedly stepped in to secure more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berejiklian defended his absentee ballot, saying: "I need to take the time to run the whole new state."
Liberal MP Davies is understood to have been the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, having threatened to withdraw from the new state government and said the bill had triggered a "government crisis."
But after that, Davis made a concession.
"The contents of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill, which was presented to the House on the morning of 26, actually provide more safeguards for women, doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, Australian NT National Party leader Barry Ragrow said he was proud to be part of a government that legalizes abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state, which legalizes abortion, which is no longer a criminal act, and does not treat abortion women as criminals," the statement said.
Trinity Group's major projects are located in Zhuzhou.
Total investment of 15 billion yuan, focus on the development of oil intelligent equipment, intelligent steel industry.
Today, Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Trinity Group held a project signing ceremony.
Trinity Group invested 15 billion yuan to develop industrial projects in Zhuzhou, such as the Wisdom Steel Industry, Petroleum Intelligent Equipment and Regional R  D Center (Headquarters Base), the second-hand car market of engineering machinery, and is expected to have a combined annual output value of more than 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, the Trinity Wisdom Steel Industry Project will focus on creating the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even the central region, as well as the Trinity Group Intelligent Manufacturing Processing Center for Metal Structures.
At the same time, Trinity Group will build the engineering machinery used car market in Zhuzhou Hi-Tech District, and carry out practical cooperation in the field of intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "One Project" for the city's investment this year. The city secretary, Mao Tengfei, the mayor, Yang Wei, led the establishment of a special coordination group, efficient docking and high propulsion, providing quality and efficient services for the development of the Trinity Group of Zhuzhou, from the intention to formally sign the cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Finance Minister Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred $ billion to enrich the social security fund.
As of now, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about  billion yuan, Finance Minister Liu Kun said.
Liu Kun made the remarks at the task deployment meeting of the state-owned capital enrichment social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Social Security of Human Resources and the SASAC on the same day.
"Transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is the full embodiment of the intergenerational equity of state-owned enterprises' development achievements and basic endowment insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the current and long-term policy measures."
In 2017, the State Council issued the Implementation Programme for Transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the Social Security Fund, requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the work ahead of the transfer has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been completed, with the total transfer of state-owned capital of about  billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions by the Ministry of Finance to perform the functions of the funders has been basically completed.
Central enterprise transfer has a certain size.
At the local level, enterprises carry out the work ahead of the transfer.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work of Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed, with the transfer of state-owned capital of 158 billion yuan and 185 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out the preparatory work for the next step, laying the foundation for the next implementation of the transfer.
According to the notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Social Security of Human Resources, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities and Futures Commission, the central and local transfer of some state-owned capital to the Social Security Fund will be fully pushed aside in 2019 and basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made a specific deployment to the overall push away the transfer.
The meeting stressed that the transfer should be done pragmatically and efficiently.
"According to the progress arrangement, the transfer work will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work is tight and the task is heavy.
Liu said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; push forward the work, grasp the policy content accurately; strengthen communication and coordination and solve the problem in a timely manner.
The national capital transfer to enrich the social security fund - from the starting point of "enrich the social security fund money bag", the destination is to provide strong support for the pension security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple equity "physical displacement", but opens the "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Services, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities and Futures Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Pushing aside some of the state-owned capital to enrich the work of the Social Security Fund".
After the documents were released, departments such as the Treasury Department were quick to implement them.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of its stake in ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund, with two equity transfers worth more than $11.5 billion.
According to the regulations, the underwriters such as the Social Security Foundation, as financial investors, enjoy the right to gain, dispose and know the rights of the state-owned equity.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the Bank.
In this regard, the author believes that similar state-owned enterprise equity transfer is not a simple change of ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of the "addition operation."
The first step in the transfer of national capital to social security is, naturally, to reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by all, and to share the achievements of development for all.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in our economy, and the overall profitability is stronger and more stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises are continuously realized to do the best and do the strong.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to push aside some of the state-owned capital to enrich the work of the Social Security Fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that in conjunction with the relevant departments, according to the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, it will fully push aside some of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflect the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system and the development of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of the transfer "addition result" is to enhance the sustainability of our social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the pension social security system.
With the aging population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the national capital, which is the subject of transfer, has the ability to continue to profit and distribute dividends, not only can effectively replenish the social security fund, but also provides the source for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that each transfer of 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital, can support the enterprise basic endowment insurance deposit rate cut by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the rotation, the "addition result," is to increase the stabilizer for the capital market.
This transfer undertakes the main body to obtain the income of the way is "dividends mainly, the operation is auxiliary."
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund is really based on the proceeds of equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, Social Security Fund has strong capital operation ability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed companies, promote the business level and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the social security fund, as a vane of investment, the promotion of the weight of ownership, is conducive to further enhance its influence in the market and play the role of "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also helpful to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guide investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann, 18, enrolled at the Leipzig Conservatory of Music and the postmaster from Weber.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of a work not published in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he created a symphony suffering (Miserae) and dedicated the work to "my long dormant friends."
In 1935, the symphony premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto when the manuscript of the piece was stolen out of Germany for its premiere in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at Beethoven Music Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate approves Scalia as labor minister - Xinhua
Washington, September 26 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. Senate voted to approve President Donald Trump's nomination for Eugene Scalia as labor minister.
The vote was 53 votes in favor, 44 against, and no Democrat voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe Scalia's resume makes him a perfect fit to serve as labor secretary.
But in Democrats "view, Scalia has long stood against workers and unions during his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then a labor minister, announced his resignation in July amid intense pressure from public opinion because of "leniency" against Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexual assault and kidnapping young girls.
Scalia, 56, was a partner at a prominent U.S. law firm whose father was the late U.S. Federal Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Labor Department is the federal cabinet level department, responsible for labor related affairs, etc.
The White House also issued a statement that day saying Trump had nominated acting Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Peter Gaina, to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Gaina's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency, under the Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal resources to deal with emergencies and follow-up events such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks in the United States.
Since the 35th anniversary parade of the National Day was first unveiled, every time a major parade was organized, a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces appeared.
"This National Day parade, was changed from 'soldier' to 'army', the rocket army made its first appearance on Changan Street."
Wang Bo, head of the Rocket Army Equipment Team Command, said.
The missile troops fully carry out the spirit of special hardship, special combat, special dedication, strict training, scientific training, military parade training reflects three characteristics throughout the whole process, show a good strategic military image, pay more attention to the strict style.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers, strict standards of requirements, forged a strict style of rigour and prohibitions.
They also focus on promoting the craftsman spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, practice perseverance, practice style, form the characteristics of "military posture, quick movement, bright answer", and constantly use the strict style to create a Mega Missile Founder, pay more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic military, the Rocket Army speaks of science and technology and heavy innovation as a fine tradition and advantage.
This military parade training, on the basis of previous experience, they broke the mindset, broke through the traditional methods, using advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, real-time speed measurement, to improve the training level and quality benefits, to ensure that the combination of human cars is not bad, the team action is not bad, the standard of docking.
The rocket army insists on the same standard and higher requirements as the launch site, keeping every gate, keeping an eye on every detail, and making the parade ground a training ground and examination ground for improving the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend implementation of Iran nuclear deal
26 (Xinhua) -- Iran has once again violated the Iran nuclear deal by using advanced centrifuges to create enriched uranium, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Sept. 27, according to the Central News Agency.
Iran is reportedly gradually violating the limits of the Iran nuclear deal in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal in May 2018, the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, with the stock of enriched uranium remaining below 300 kilograms and the purity of enriched uranium not exceeding 3.67 percent, and now moving further.
Under the nuclear deal, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and only allow Iran to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but not to produce enriched uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for the use of nuclear bombs.
"On September 25, the agency has confirmed that Iran is developing advanced centrifuges of model 2, model 3... are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium," the report said.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) presented the report to Member States on May 26, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Vietnamese Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs is officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Vietnamese Investors and Entrepreneurs, said VKBIA would work together to bridge relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries are trying to increase two-way trade to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr Chen believes that the birth of the association has become an important step towards achieving these goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the government and the relevant functional institutions of South Korea would assist the association in its future operation.
Vietnam's deputy ambassador to South Korea, Chen Changshui, said VKBIA would create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange experience and share ideas, aimed at expanding the space for investment cooperation and mutual assistance to make a more effective contribution to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economic cause, and helping to promote the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the presentation ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnamese Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between the two countries and is in the background of strengthening pragmatic cooperation in diplomatic, defense, security and other fields, promoting trade and investment cooperation aimed at achieving the goal of $100 billion in two-way trade in 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Italy's new cabinet minister of education and member of the Five Star Movement, has submitted a motion to parliament recommending that the Italian government impose a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and airfares with high sugar content.
According to a bill proposed by Education Minister Fiola Monti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on unhealthy dietary goods such as sugary drinks and snacks; and an environmental tax on airfares, €1 for domestic flights and €1.5 for international classes.
Mr Fiolmonti said the government expected to receive €3 billion in tax through a series of seemingly small tax measures.
The proceeds from the tax will be available in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said he thought it was a viable option; Italian Congressman, European MP and Alliance Party leader Salvini tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to quickly hide dessert, biscuits, bread and sweets as the new government begins to impose a snack tax.
The report points out that the snack tax refers to a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie food classes.
The levy will help to bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic
Ottawa, September 26 (Xinhua) -- The new Chinese ambassador to Canada, Yu Pei Wu, held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time.
In his speech, Cu Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, not only profoundly changing the face of China, benefiting its own people, but also producing far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has developed a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way of developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solve human problems.
The picture shows participants stopping to watch the 70th anniversary of the New China theme exhibition held at the same time.
Yu Peiwu said China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made an important contribution to promoting peaceful development of the world.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations centered on the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, and is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development provides new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, and benefits the people of all countries.
Cu Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years shows that bilateral relations can develop on the right track only by upholding the principle of equality and mutual respect.
On the other hand, bilateral relations will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations have encountered serious difficulties and the responsibility is not in China.
"You have to tie the bell."
It is hoped that the Canadian side will find a proper solution to the outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible and create conditions for the return of bilateral
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, embassies and overseas Chinese, Chinese institutions and international students attended the reception.
Chinese Embassy in Canada, Chen Mingjian, public staff, filial piety and other embassy diplomats attended the reception.
The reception was held at the site of a photo exhibition on the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, featuring propaganda videos such as "China 2019," "Beautiful China."
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats have performed distinctive literary and artistic programmes.
This is also the first time that Yu Peiwu, who is the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has made his public debut.
Cui Pei Wu arrived on September 22 and handed over a copy of the book to Chief Gift Officer and Foreign Ministry President Wheeler in Ottawa the following day.
Born in May 1967, Cu Peiwu graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Before the trip to Canada, he served as director of the North American Oceania Division of the Chinese Foreign Ministry, before serving as Counselor and Minister of Public Affairs of the Chinese Embassy in Britain.
Hanoi, Vietnam work to expand cooperation with various places in Laos
Mr. Nguyen recalled the meaningful exchange of visits by delegations from both sides and affirmed that these activities had helped to foster the special friendly relations between the two countries that President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Kishan Fenghuhan had expected.
Mr. Nguyen hoped that Ambassador Tongshawan would continue to play a good bridge and link to friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongshawan said Laos learned and drew on Vietnam's many successful experiences and was impressed by the breakthrough achieved in recent years by the city of Hanoi and even Vietnam.
Ambassador Tongshawan thanked the Hanoi Municipal Government for its strong support and help in the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam and believed that despite the fluctuation of the global situation, the older relations will continue to develop well.
In early 2020, Mr. Nguyen is expected to lead a working delegation from Hanoi to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, the city of Hanoi will offer multiple scholarships to Laotian college students who study at various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
26 evening, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Land and Space Planning Minister Sophie Ann and ASEAN Deputy Secretary General Kang Fu attended the reception.
Friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, ASEAN missions and international organizations in Indonesia, overseas Chinese, Chinese capital institutions and representatives of international students, "I and China" theme children painting award small players and more than 1,000 people attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qiao, Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xi, warmly welcomed the arrival of guests.
Xiao Qiao, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era of Chinese history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to open progress, from lack of food to comprehensive well-being, from poverty to prosperity and prosperity, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, rich to strong.
In recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress, with increasing political mutual trust, continuous promotion of pragmatic cooperation and comprehensive expansion of exchanges in various fields, and a stable strategic partnership between China and Indonesia, Xiao said.
China-ASEAN relations have been escalating in quality, insisting on mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoting regional peace and stability and prosperity.
Xiao said the fundamental reason for the development change in New China over the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party.
This road is a path to a strong country that is effective, right and good, in keeping with the times and in line with China's national conditions, profoundly changing the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and making a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and region.
The picture shows the theme exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Xiao said China and Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to promote the construction of new international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a brilliant video recalling 70 years of great achievements in New China and reflecting China-Indonesia, China-ASEAN relations.
The video, which is divided into three parts: "China's development achievements are brilliant", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far away" and "China-ASEAN relations are upgraded", won a round of applause.
The reception was also arranged to "celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China", attracting guests to watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi team opens trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of the self-driving taxi team, Robotaxi, was officially opened.
The first batch of 45 Apollo and FAW Red Flag jointly developed the "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi fleet in Changsha part of the open test section to begin trial operation.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to the Apollo Official Network to apply to become seed users, and have the opportunity to try and experience.
An experienced passenger said he sat in the back of the vehicle and clicked on the front screen of the passenger seat, opening the vehicle's self-driving journey with one key.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the current policy and regulations, the test operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving position to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the course of driving, the vehicle can make intelligent change according to the road condition, also can judge the driving situation of the surrounding vehicle, make automatic avoidance of close overtaking and so on.
During the experience, the passenger area screen shows pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas in real time.
Even the vehicle block, can see the front traffic lights change and wait time information in advance, all the road conditions are clear.
Driverless has previously been heard on TV thinking it's far away from us, but it feels amazing to find it today just in the middle of our lives.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licences issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road, through Changsha City Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Mei Xi Lake, Ocean Lake, Tai Wang Shan, Hi-Tech District, etc., has reached 135 kilometers in length, the demonstration area reaches 70 square kilometers, is the longest road mileage in China, the largest area, covering the most complex scene, the most advanced vehicle road infrastructure.
Apollo Robotaxi's trial operating road in Changsha is expected to cover about 50 kilometres by the end of 2019, with plans to cover 135 kilometres of roads currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Women's volleyball win Lang Ping still has discontent: It will be hard to beat a strong team with so many mistakes
Beijing, May 27 (Xinhua) -- China's women's volleyball team celebrated its ninth game of the 2019 Women's World Cup, beating the strong Dutch women's volleyball team by 3: 1 to beat the Dutch women's volleyball team.
But after the game, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's third game performance.
"The third inning was more aggressive on the serve, and some of us were not in place to force the ball, and we made a lot of mistakes."
"Playing with a strong team, making so many mistakes yourself, it's hard."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to focus, one pass was not in place, we had to adjust the attack well, and we had to play defense with each other."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying she had some difficulties in the attack, was more anxious, too wanted to kill the ball, the movement would deform.
Hopefully she's patient, "we all give her protection."
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
(New China 70 years) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and challenge to the world.
The white paper states that China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
The white paper says that as China's comprehensive national strength and international influence have risen rapidly, some people around the world are worried that China will go the way of "national strength," and some have put forward what they call "China's threat."
This has both cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudice, psychological imbalances caused by strength reduction, and intentional distortions that defend their vested interests.
It is not only the dream of the Chinese people but also the common dream of the people of all countries to realize the country's prosperity and strength, national rejuvenation and people's happiness.
"China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world."
The white paper notes that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, China is the largest contributor to world economic growth, China's technological innovation has injected new kinetic energy into world economic growth, and the stabilizer and power source role of China's economy in the future is more prominent.
At present, the world economy is underpowered and the robust Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from rapid growth to high quality development, with new industrialization, informationization, urbanization and agricultural modernization accelerating, economic structure deep adjustment, industrial optimization and continuous upgrading, and new economic growth points emerging.
"By 2040, China and the rest of the world ’ s economies are on track to create $22 trillion to $37 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15% to 26% of the global economy, and stronger cooperation between the rest of the world and China will create great economic value," the McKinsey Global Research Institute report said.
The white paper emphasizes that the Chinese economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, which has a more stable economic operation, a higher quality of growth and a promising future for growth, is a long-term positive for world economic development.
Think of China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge" to try to squeeze China out of global industrial chains, supply chains, value chains, and make it "decoupled" from the world economy, neither feasible nor harmful.
The white paper notes that opening up to the outside world creates more opportunities for countries to share the “Chinese dividend. ”
China is unswervingly pursuing a mutually beneficial and win-win open strategy, achieving greater strength and higher levels of opening-up, China has the world's most potential consumer market, China is the most attractive investment destination, and more large-scale "go out" to benefit more countries.
“Open should be two-way, mutually beneficial, not one-way, on one side. ”
Mutual benefits can last for the long term.
The white paper says China has pledged to continue to expand imports, relax market access, improve the business environment and strengthen intellectual property protection, and other countries should open up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only by moving forward can we create an open, inclusive, universal, balanced and win-win development environment, and jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a community of mutually beneficial and win-win interests.
The white paper notes that China provides more public goods to the international community.
Including promoting high-quality co-construction of the "One Belt and Road", building multilateral dialogue and cooperation platforms, actively participating in international and regional affairs and actively carrying out external assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community and has never forgotten to give back to the international family and provide more and better public products to the international community."
Russia is ready to strengthen cooperation with China in economic and trade, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China, said Andrei Srinivar, general manager of the Russian Export Center, in a written interview with Xinhua reporters.
The forestry, mechanical manufacturing and chemical industries account for a significant proportion of Russian exports to China, while the export of agricultural products is also important, including grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russian exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
Speaking about Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Srinivar said Russia has set a mandate to expand exports of high-tech products to meet the import needs of countries and regions around the world, including China.
Russia will next improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote further growth in the number of high-tech enterprises.
Russia is ready to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China, and to develop cooperation with China in the fields of medicine and aviation manufacturing, he said.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many areas are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Speaking about the two countries' goals of achieving $200 billion in bilateral trade in 2024, Srinivar said areas such as agriculture, mechanical manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry would play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia is interested in promoting the diversification of supply in these areas and promoting the export of deep-processing products.
He stressed that Russia is intended to push its exporters into the global value-added chain, one of which China is developing.
Manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals in Russia are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries."
Russia's export center is taking multiple measures and services to support Russian exports to China through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank, Srinivar said.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote more convenient access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
Financial institutions that use renminbi to pay globally have grown significantly.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Specific", released in London by SWIFT 26, shows a marked increase in financial institutions using renminbi payments globally from July 2017 to July 2019.
At the SWIFT ’ s 2019 London meeting, the agency ’ s “Renminbi Tracking Bulletin, ” entitled“ Insight of the renminbi from a London perspective, ” showed that the number of financial institutions using the renminbi to pay globally increased by 11.31% in July 2019, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the largest increase in the number of financial institutions in Africa and the Middle East using renminbi to pay, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
The report showed that the yuan's share of the global payment currency was 2.22 percent by August 2019.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in offshore exchange trading in the yuan.
In July 2019, London ’ s share of offshore foreign exchange transactions in the global renminbi was 33.79%, the world ’ s top ranking, according to the report.
London is firmly in the top spot in global foreign exchange trading, the report said.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange trading was 40.14 per cent, the US was 12.93 per cent and France 7.67 per cent.
Foreign Ministry responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": sneaking self-deprecation
In response to a regular press conference, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, 27, said the small move was disgraceful and funny.
According to Taiwanese media reports, Taipei officials in New York have entered the United States for a meeting on religious issues at the United States headquarters and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned was a sidelines meeting held by the United States on a United Nations site, not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng said that Taiwan personnel sneaked into the United Nations, self-deprecating, and said it was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough," a small move that was unflattering and a laugh.
He noted that the United Nations has repeatedly reiterated its insistence on dealing with Taiwan in accordance with General Assembly resolution , and that the majority of UN member states adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot to speed up industrial upgrading of dairy industry - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot, September 27 (reporter AnLu Meng), from the government of Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, learned that the city of Hohhot accelerated the upgrading of the industrial structure of the dairy industry, Erie and Mengniu into the top 10 global dairy enterprises, accelerating the implementation of the Erie Health Food Industrial Park, Moncow China Dairy Industrial Park, and other "a number of China". "
Dairy industry is the traditional superior industry of Hohhot City, relying on unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, Hohhot City dairy industry has expanded rapidly and the scale farming rate has been increasing.
In 2018, the scale farming rate of cows in the city reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrial chain, and the total sales of Erie and Mengniu enterprises amounted to nearly 150 billion yuan.
In order to further make a strong dairy industry, Hohhot City has introduced the Three-Year Plan of Action to Promote the Upgrading of the Milk Industry (2018 - 2020), which has taken the lead in achieving the goal of manufacturing 4.0 in the dairy industry, and has implemented a plan for the construction of quality milk base, the benefits of agricultural enterprises, and the development of the five major enterprises.
The mayor of Hohhot, Feng Yuzhi, said the local government will accelerate the promotion of the Erie Health Food Industry Park and the Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park to invest 100 billion yuan in projects, synchronize the construction of the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, and continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
September 27 Yue Shield against the US dollar exchange rate increase of 5 Yue Shield
With the exchange rate fluctuating by + / - 3%, banks today have a ceiling of  against the dollar and  against the dollar.
The bank's Renminbi buying price and selling bid were  Cross Shield and 3,295 Cross Shield respectively, down one more Shield from the previous trading day.
Techcombank, a Vietnamese tech merchant, put the dollar's purchase price and selling bid at  Yue Shield and  Yue Shield respectively, down 2 Yue Shield from the previous trading day.
The bank's Renminbi buying price and selling bid were  Yue Shield and  Yue Shield respectively, down 1 Shield and 2 Yue Shield respectively from the previous trading day.
"China's Good Story" database on the line to show the world the real three-dimensional comprehensive China
The "China Good Story" database is officially on the line today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "Good Story of China" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency, Xinhua China Search Contractor.
This is the scene of the "Beauty and the Common - the 'China Good Story' database," filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China Good Story" database, with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and disseminating good Chinese voices," was officially on the line to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Open the "Good Story of China" database, a picture of the water and ink swimming fish in a leisurely way, open the readers through time and space, the new treasure trove of Chinese stories.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional story of "loyal country" "" stupid mountain "to the new era story of" I will be without me "" "do not forget the first heart", thousands of Chinese good stories become the vivid carrier of the "Chinese spirit" "" "Chinese wisdom" "" "" "Chinese power".
Story libraries converge on "1 + 4" five major theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first speaker of the Chinese story". The "learning" plate is dominated by the story of Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping, and the story of Xi ’ s famous characters, and provides readers with a rich and convenient platform for the Chinese Communist Party to learn the art of Xi ’ s storytelling and the truth of governing politics behind the story. The story of the Chinese people's struggle for a dream, the story of a great and profound Chinese culture and the story of China's insistence on peaceful development cooperation and win-win development are unfolding, engrossing, thought-provoking, and showing the charm of the times of the Chinese story in all directions.
The reporter learned from the "Good Story of China" database held in Beijing today, the "Good Story of China" database opened Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website is full of content, rich in function, design fashion, full media display wonderful stories.
Mobile client highlights artificial intelligence voice function, adapts to mobile communication trend, provides users with the "China Good Story" player with them.
In order to facilitate the use of query, the database gives full play to the advantages of intelligent search technology in China, providing rich search functions in the form of time search, map search, character search, label search, etc.
The "China Good Story" database also specially set up the content open platform, has opened the "story number" for more than a dozen entrants such as the SASAC.
Demonstration as president steps down in Egypt as authorities show strong crackdown
The Twitter-themed hashtag and social media are vigorously advocating for the Egyptian masses to take to the streets today to peacefully appeal to President Sisi to step down.
But authorities have shown an intention to use force to suppress it.
Since Sisi, then the head of the military, seized power in a military coup in 2013, dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest is more dangerous.
The British Guardian reports that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a Cairo NGO, has noted that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since a rare outbreak of protests last weekend calling for Sisi to step down.
Corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family's profligate pursuit of vanity have led thousands of people to take to the streets with 20 days to go.
Egypt's Interior Ministry said firmly yesterday that any attempt to destabilize the country would be decisive and never soft.
Cairo's downtown is already heavily guarded, with riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police everywhere on the streets around Tahrir Square, Egypt's revolutionary tipping point, in 2011.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of important scholars and social sage, including professor of political science at Cairo University and prominent columnist Nafat.
"I have no doubt that continuing to make Sisi's absolute rule will cause disaster," he tweeted on 24.
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Hosni, who served as a spokesman for Anan, Egypt's former military chief of staff, was in custody before Nafat's arrest.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
The chairman of the Constitutional Party, Davutoglu, is also in custody.
Analysts and political figures argue that sweeping dissent reflects government instability and fragility at a time when the economic woes of the poor and middle classes are intensifying.
"The capture highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how scared it is," said Ayman Nour, the opposition leader who once competed for the presidency.
"Because the economy has been muddled by him, combined with widespread political repression, Sisi is trying to convey a clear message to important generals and politicians who may replace it," he said.
Mr Noll noted that the government's high-pressure approach would only increase people's anger at the continuing deterioration of the socio-economic situation.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor now in exile in Spain who is an Egyptian military construction contractor, began uploading a series of videos earlier this month that benefited from government corruption and triggered a wave of small demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said his company, Amtrak General Contracts, does not have to go through the legal tender process, to get lucrative contracts, stressing that the military and Sisi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, are corrupt.
He was deeply repentant of his involvement.
Ali claimed that his help with the magnificent palace and luxury hotel in Sevigny was in stark contrast to the current abject life of Egyptians, and that the other side had not yet paid.
On Twitter, topics such as "Come forward you are not alone", "Sesi you are done", "Sesi must roll", "next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and pushback, calling on people to take to the streets peacefully to demand that Sisi step down.
Hollywood Egyptian male star Amawik has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted yesterday in Arabic: "Sisi is doomed... He is finished, the people who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
Hong Kong Government to promote free special training programme to help financially affected employees overcome difficulties in the near future
The Hong Kong SAR Government announced on 27 December that a free special training scheme for employees affected by recent economic conditions could be capped at HK $4000 per month after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour have few customers.
In addition to the tourism industry, hotels, catering and retail industries have been affected by the recent social strife in Hong Kong.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare, Mr Luo Ting-guang, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on commissioning a special training programme by the Employees Retraining Board and measures to support the tourism industry.
Mr Lo described the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy as imminent and should not wait until the situation is calm to begin work.
As a result, the HKSAR Government has launched a free training programme called "Special? Value Added".
According to the introduction, people who are unemployed from June 1 or are asked by their employers to leave without pay will have the opportunity to participate in the plan as long as the relevant requirements are met.
The most important part of the course is the "vocational skills" training, which covers 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering, and a number of new "innovative technology" courses, as well as "general skills" across the industry, Mr Lo said.
Yu Pengchun, chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said all courses were free of charge and that the plan was expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants in the programme will receive a special allowance of HK $4,000 per month for each full-time or part-time course and an attendance rate of 80%.
According to the report, the training course is for two to three months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. Members of the public can read daily from October 3 to March 31 next year, with a maximum of four courses per person.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support tourism to help the industry overcome the difficulties.
These include the relaxation of funding to the Tourism Council, the funding of 6,000 tour guides to renew their registration courses, and the exemption of annual fees for travel agents.
Exercise is exhausting, too?
A study of athletes showed signs of fatigue in the brain after high intensity exercise, the Russian satellite network reported.
The study, led by Maasai Peregrine, an expert at Pitier-Salpetrel Hospital in France, shows an unmistakable link between mental and physical labor: Both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to control the autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when it comes to muscle and joint pain," Pescara explained.
The study was launched by the French National Institute of Sport (INSEP).
The school experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympics.
Some athletes have begun to develop overtraining syndrome, an uncontrollable fatigue after high-load sports, an inability to recover, and falling grades.
INSEP raises the question: Will part of the cause of the condition be nerve fatigue, the type of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental labor?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
Recently, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Chinese Art Gallery have finally unveiled a special exhibition to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Xu Beihong's "Pentium," Qi Bai Shi's "Peace Million Years," Li Ko-dyeing's "All Over the Tomb", Jin Shanyi's "Tajik Bride," Luo Neutral's "Father", Liu Wenxi's "ZuSun Four Generations" more than 480 pieces of fine works have been created in China.
"Great Process Magnificent Painting - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" is rich and multidimensional to show the great history and magnificent achievements of the founding of New China in 70 years, and to show the untiring spirit and self-improvement of the Chinese people's intransigent struggle.
The exhibition is divided into one ordinal chapter and four chapters.
The exhibition features more than 480 works, including Chinese painting, oil painting, printmaking, sculpture, watercolor water powder, annual painting, propaganda and painting. It is dominated by Chinese art gallery collections, bringing together more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in the country.
In addition, the "National Theme Art Creation", organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, has just completed more than 130 new realistic works on the subject for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the Chinese Art Gallery has for the first time called all the exhibition space in the pavilion, except that the three floors of the pavilion are all used, the outdoor courtyard space has been built into a sculpture exhibition area, and through the exhibition design to form an internal and external exhibition pattern.
It is understood the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the Chinese art gallery suspended its opening to society from September 28 to October 1.
On September 27, World Tourism Day, this year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The Tourist Board arranged a series of activities, including hosting lucky passengers and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and passengers.
The World Tourism Day also celebrates the dinner to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Director of the Social and Cultural Division, Mr Tam Jun-wing, attended the event to promote the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of the Tourism Bureau, Mr Tsang Yi-wah and Deputy Director of the Tourism Bureau, Mr Hui Yao-ming, visited Macau International Airport on the same day to send souvenirs to the lucky passengers of the World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wiposiri, a passenger from Thailand who became this year's lucky passenger, said he came to Macau about four to five times a year, a tourist destination suitable for a size, to enjoy Macau's cuisine and visit Macau's urban areas over the weekend.
Macau Tourism Mascots "McMai" machinery also showed up to welcome visitors. Visitors under the Tourist Board's enquiry office also arranged for souvenirs to be sent to visitors all day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the same afternoon, bringing together nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau, and this year marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region.
Participants also wore special costumes to match the theme of the return.
Participants carried a tray carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" through the streets of "Macau's historic city" to safely deliver beer to the terminal kiosk at the fastest speed, the process was tense and exciting, attracting a large number of passengers to take photos and even air for the contestants, showing the tourist charm of Macau.
The men's team champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of Macau's Jinsha City Center; the women's team champion was Ye Xiaonet of Jiajing Group; and the most special clothing award was Cui Zhihong of Jiajing Group's Ojing Ming and Jinlong Hotel respectively.
On the same evening, the Tourist Board invited hundreds of representatives from relevant departments, industry and media to attend the World Tourism Day Celebration Dinner.
Mr Tam said at the dinner that he had returned to the development of Macau's tourism industry for 20 years, but that in the face of constant changes in peripheral environmental factors, he encouraged the industry to innovate its thinking, move forward on the basis of its success, adjust its strategy and devise new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market and encourage the industry to continue to support the development of Macau's tourism industry.
The dinner, with the theme "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Macao Special Administrative Region", arranged for Macao singers to sing the local original congratulatory song "Lotus family" and six major tourism enterprises to present a number of performances to coincide with the theme of return, showing Macau's diverse tourism leisure elements and the versatility of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 each year as "World Tourism Day" in order to promote the international community's awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central bank launches $30 billion reverse buyback operation
Beijing, March 27 (Xinhua) -- The People's Bank of China (PBOC) conducted a 30 billion yuan reverse repo operation by bidding for interest rates.
Because of the expiration of 40 billion yuan reverse repurchase on the same day, the PBOC reverse repo operation achieved a net return of 10 billion yuan
The central bank issued a notice saying it carried out a 30 billion yuan reverse repo operation on the same day, with a 14-day period and a 2.7 percent winning rate.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day period reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offer Rate (Shibor), released on May 27, showed that overnight interest rates were 1.313 per cent, down 324 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day rate was 2.59 per cent, 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day rate was 2.95 per cent, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" more peace of mind - visit the Consular Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
25, the first Ministry of Foreign Affairs consular protection public welfare video on the line, the short film ending this sentence caused the majority of netizens to resonate.
In an interview with Xinhua, the Director of the Consular Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Cui Ai Min, said the short film aims to further make people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and make Chinese citizens feel that Chinese diplomats will help, strength and hope regardless of being in any corner of the world.
There is no small matter of peace abroad, a leaf of general concern.
In the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased sharply, from "less than a million annually" before the reform and opening up to today's annual increase of hundreds of millions "; at the same time, Chinese citizens' overseas travel safety is more secure, and consular protection and assistance work has expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, overseas Chinese, overseas Chinese, overseas students, and other groups of workers.
According to statistics, since the Eighteenth Congress of the Party, our organization has carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer Chinese citizens abroad, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accept and coordinate the disposal of about half a million cases of recourse, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
At a dangerous time, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to come to a "trip."
As of the end of August, China had concluded visa waiver agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel, according to Choi.
In addition, more and more countries are unilaterally granting entry facilities such as no-sign or landing visas to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and regions, such as Thailand and Egypt, unilaterally granted visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions, such as Indonesia, unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to be exempted from entry.
In addition to the no-sign, landing and other arrangements, Chinese citizens are more and more convenient to apply for visas and the procedures are more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached a simplified visa agreement or arrangement with 41 countries.
These include agreeing with the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina to issue multiple visas for tourism, business people for 10 years, and reaching mutual visas for each other, business, and visiting relatives for more than two years.
The UK, Belgium jointly launched a "visa one-stop" service, with France, Italy and Singapore reducing visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, multiple entry, convenient clearance of the APEC business travel card is a good choice.
Holding the travel card amounts to more than five years of visas for 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance to business people, especially private enterprises, according to Choi.
At present, China has the first effective card holding in APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa mutual benefit agreements to promote visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, so that the results of diplomatic work will be more translated into initiatives for the benefit of the people and to continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, the city secretary Cai Qi took the team to check the safe production and holiday market supply during the National Day.
He stressed that to improve political standing, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do all the work in a solid and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation and market supply of cities, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the public enjoy a happy and peaceful holiday.
Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Committee and Mayor Chen Jining check together.
The power supply center area of Tiananmen Square area is nearly 7 square kilometers, the intelligent inspection system is built, the data is monitored and analyzed in real time, the equipment intelligent operation dimension, evaluation and security are realized.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation and safety of power supply equipment, asked for important details of power supply security work, and walked into the dispatch command hall, combined with the big screen to listen to the security power supply and gas supply during the festival.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to frontline staff, stressing that the bottom line thinking should be set up, the fire fighting and other work, go to the scene, focus on the end, strengthen the safety hidden danger check and equipment operation monitoring at each point to ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
Wangfujing department store, all kinds of goods are diverse, everywhere brimming with the festive atmosphere.
The two floors of the underground peace bureau, the walls of Qingwah stone brick and the old shops of the contemporary photo pavilion, the Grand Theatre, the food shop, the old book bureau, and so on, everywhere with a strong taste of Beijing.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining look around, listen to Wangfujing 100 goods to upgrade the pedestrian street upgrade business operation, market supply report, detailed understanding of the holiday security situation.
Walking into the "Red Star Food and Oil Shop" "Great North Photo Pavilion" and so on, to understand the sales of characteristic goods in Beijing, along the way to ask tourists about the experience of the tour.
In the special cabinet of Zhang Binggui candy, the Beijing labor model, the son of Zhang Binggui, and inherited the "one catch" "" one clean "of the extraordinary work, Cai Qi encouraged him to carry forward the spirit of labor model vigorously.
Cai Qi ordered, strengthen market monitoring, ensure adequate and stable holiday supply, strictly shut down food safety, shopping malls and other crowded places to catch fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong, Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line long" guard passenger line operation safety.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Road Transport Administration that as of now, 11 districts in Jiangxi and  passenger lines in six provincial direct control counties have "line length."
The head of Jiangxi Highway Transport Administration said that because some passenger transport enterprises are in the form of safety management, the responsibility of the main part of the enterprise safety is not in place.
In order to further compute the responsibility of the main body of road passenger transport enterprises to ensure the safety of passenger travel, Jiangxi began to pilot the "long line system" in 2017 and began to be gradually promoted throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "long line system", the selection of "long line" management  lines, covering  operating passenger cars.
According to the introduction, "line length" is generally designated by road transport passenger transport enterprises to supervise the work of people, cars, lines, etc., to ensure that the head of the line controls the line, vehicle, driver, operating environment, and so on, so as to ensure the safety of the operation of the line.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will conduct a special public food safety guided tour between October and December, led by food security education personnel to visit the "Mainland Food Agricultural Products for Australia for 20 Years" and "Food Information Station" to deepen public awareness of the safety supervision and safety of food supply in the Mainland.
The "Watch Together" exhibition, jointly sponsored by the State General Administration of Customs and the Macao Special Administrative Region Municipal Services Department, is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building to attract many people from Macao to visit.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will visit the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building from October to December at 3: 30 p.m. on Wednesday (except public holidays). and to stabilize the supply of food, as well as the food safety work of various links from import to market monitoring, and to learn the knowledge of food security in daily life, so as to further focus on food safety, and to play a "food safety peace of mind" spirit of the government, industry and the public to jointly safeguard our food safety.
About 30 minutes of each food safety guided tour event, members of the public interested in participating can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Services Department on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The fee is free and the name is limited.
For enquiries, please call the Food Safety Bureau on   during office hours.
Fujian Province Tax Library Silver Civilian Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform Formally Online - CUHK
Fujian Province tax bank silver civilian comprehensive tax payment platform is officially on the line.
Zhongxin net Fuzhou (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Province tax bank silver civilian comprehensive tax payment platform on September 27, Fuzhou City, Fujian Province, officially on the line.
On October 26, 2018, the central branch of the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Taxation of Fuzhou, the State Administration of Taxation, and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the people of Fujian Province.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform is now successfully on the line.
Wang Dehui, head of the Treasury Department of the central branch of Fuzhou, the People's Bank of China, said the platform, which upholds the concept of security, versatility, convenience, regularity and leading construction, connects the front end of the tax, government, bank, non-bank payment agencies and social services to provide mobile phone APP, microcredit public, tax hall, tax services, tax services, etc.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of welfare civilian projects, among which the urban and rural residents health care fee collection project has been officially on the line.
The project has opened 14 channels on the line and can serve more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of Fujian's resident population.
Online can pay health care fees through the "Fujian tax" "cloud flash payment" and the APP, microblogging public number of banks, and so on, under the line can pay health care fees in various tax halls and rural financial services points in Fujian Province by sweeper code, card, swipe card, swipe card, etc.
The platform's success is on the line, while ensuring the real-time interaction of government revenue and data information, it can provide a safe and efficient, multi-channel and multi-modal service for the public, said Xian Dong, deputy governor of the central branch of the People's Bank of China in Fuzhou.
At present, more than 16,000 universal financial services points in the province have opened more than 9,000 health care fee collection functions, so that rural residents can safely check health care costs and give the public a growing sense of "access" and "happiness".
According to statistics, the platform urban and rural residents health care fee inspection project has been running for 20 days, the service users have reached 84, 000, of which there have been 750,000 online payment users and nearly 20,000 users of the universal financial services point.
In addition, Lin Guomirror, deputy director of the tax office of Fujian Province of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform pioneered the application of blockchain electronic payment voucher technology in the country.
From next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the sealed electronic payment voucher directly through the mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" of private tax payment will be further broadened.
U.S. to increase deployment of air defense systems and forces in Saudi
26 (UPI) -- The United States will increase the deployment of a Patriot air defense system, four groups of Sentinel radar systems and about 200 U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia because of the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the Defense Department announced.
The Pentagon said in a statement that day that the deployment would enhance air defense, anti-missile capabilities for important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and enhance the U.S. military presence in the region.
The statement also said U.S. Defense Secretary Eric Pepper also approved the inclusion of two sets of Patriot air defense systems and a set of Sad anti-missile systems in the preparation of the deployment sequence.
Some US defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying the main intercept targets of the Patriot and Sad systems are not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles claimed by the United States to hit Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on May 25, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Iran could help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure that oil transport ships smoothly and safely pass through the Strait of Hormuz when all countries can enjoy their rights fairly.
He also stressed that regional security can only be achieved if US forces withdraw from the region.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities at the Saudi National Petroleum Corporation and sparked fires.
The US has accused Iran of creating the attack and imposing new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Seles' plan to complete last year's call for staff to increase by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Mr Seles ( SH) announced that the company's actual controller and chairman, Mr Wen Wei, had added 105.42 million shares of the company through a bid on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, accounting for 0. per cent of the company's total equity, with an increase of RMB 26 million (including stamp duty and interest).
It is reported that before the implementation of the increase, Wen Wei directly held  million shares of Seles, or 4.18% of the company's total equity, and controlling shareholder Tianjin Ruimei Science Instruments Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") held  35 million shares, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total equity, and 66.06% of its actual shares in Tianjin.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Seles has made a positive move.
Since September, in just a year, Seles has introduced measures such as executive increase, chairman's bottom-line increase, share buyback, equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Seles announced that seven planned executives, such as Liu Wenhao, had accumulated 39.43 million shares (0.1922% of the company's total equity), with an increase of $ 29 million, and that the increase had been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Theranos Chairman and Real Controller Wen Wei proposed an initiative to increase employee ownership of the company's stock plan and promised to compensate Wen Wei if there was a loss.
The total amount of the company's shares will not exceed 150 million yuan from 19 October to 31 October 2018. The total amount of the company's shares will not be reduced for more than 12 months after the increase.
Reporters combed out that within the above initiative staff to increase their share price of 14.02 yuan, up to 16.44 yuan, at September 25 Ceres closing price 20.02 yuan, staff increase the maximum float of 42.80%, the minimum of 21.78%.
On January 21, Seles again announced that the total amount of money intended to be used to buy back shares was not less than 160 million yuan, not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the Severus 2019 Restricted Equity Incentive Plan (Draft) announcement and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that equity incentives are based on operating income in 2018, with the growth rate of the four accounting years from 2019 to 2022 not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
Judging by Seles' performance in the first half, the company maintained high growth and exceeded this year's 30% performance growth unlocking conditions.
In the first half, operating income was 8.42 billion yuan, up 46.50% year on year; net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was  24 million yuan, up 16.46% year on year.
And since the mid-2018 report, during the five consecutive reporting periods, revenue has grown more than 38% year on year, at a maximum rate of 59%.
In 2018, the company established a cooperative development strategy for dual-core drivers based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), medical supplies intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers, and upgraded the SPD business iteratively on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business.
In order to adapt to the trend of health care and achieve rapid expansion, Ceres' three major businesses are steadily advancing, Seles officials told reporters.
In the area of SPD business, in January this year, Sellis announced that he and Lingwu City People's Hospital, Lingwu City Central Hospital signed the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Medical Supplies Consolidated Operating Platform and Daily Operation Management Services", with a contract period of three years.
"In fact, Seles is vigorously expanding the SPD business to provide medical institutions with sophisticated operational services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical supplies, and access to long-term income."
said the aforementioned person.
On September 17, according to the Zhejiang government procurement service information platform announcement, Seles won a "medical supplies (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project".
Pharmaceutical industry analysts point out that the winning bid is very gold, and Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI), and the smooth implementation of the project in the future is an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, the business map has basically finished the business area coverage of the country's provinces through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel acquisition.
Today, the winning bid Shaw Hospital in Zhejiang next city, should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year, Seles has been laying out new areas such as industrial marijuana, blockchain technology.
Beijing's 7.8 million volunteers serve National Day traffic trips.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than  traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will be officially on duty from the 28th, volunteering at various points in Beijing, with service hours continuing until October 8.
Previously, the Beijing Leading Group on Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China has set up a volunteer command, and has recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for universities, communities, enterprises and the community in the early years.
Among them, there are more than  volunteers for traffic civilization.
From September 28 to October 8,  volunteers from the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command worked at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transport hubs to conduct traffic diversion and traffic guidance.
Two months after being seized by Iran, the British "Stana Empire" tanker was finally released and set off from the Iranian port of Abas on the morning of 27 to travel to international waters.
And just last month, authorities in Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, released an Iranian tanker that had been seized for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran news agency, at 9 a.m. local time, the British "Stana Empire" tanker set off from the port of Abas to international waters in the Persian Gulf.
Port and shipping organizations in Iran's Hormuzgan province confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made formal and written commitments and that they had no claim despite the seizure.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the Stana Empire tanker, also said the ship was setting sail from the port of Abas.
In addition, Refinitiv's boat tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on 27 and left the port of Abas.
The British-flagged Stena Imperial tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker in the sea off Gibraltar, Iran's Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, known as Stena Imperial, in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released on Aug.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said all legal procedures needed to be handled for the release of the "Stana Empire" had been completed.
But the Iranian side said the investigation was ongoing.
Multiple Iranian media outlets also released video of the tanker setting sail.
On July 19, Iran's IRGC navy detained a British tanker, the Stana Empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz, after escorting it to the port of Abas.
Iran's docked tanker, "Grace One," sailed out of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, authorities in Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized a "Grace One" tanker carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace One.
This afternoon, the theme education inspection and rectification work of undergraduate universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the provincial committee, stressed that the political station should be improved, the political role should be strengthened, the problem should be strictly grasped and rectified, and the practical effect of thematic education should be used to promote the high quality development of Party building, thinking and reform in universities.
Ulan fully affirms the initial achievements of the undergraduate universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out the theme education of "do not forget the first heart, remember the mission" is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee, and that undergraduate universities should study deeply to carry out the important speech spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping on carrying out the theme education of "do not forget the first heart, remember the mission".
From strengthening the "four consciousness", "two maintenance", carrying out the political height of the initial mission, we will earnestly complete the rules and actions of the subject education, especially the series of problems identified by solid rectification and inspection, and coordinate the work of the reform and development of the school, and achieve "two promotion".
Ulan stressed that we should adhere to the blade inward, grasp the problem and examine it, and, in accordance with the requirements of "four control" "four look for one", find the right question to the list, and seek advice from teachers and students, parents and the community, and carefully analyze the root causes of the problem and make clear efforts to solve the problem.
We should adhere to the precise hair force, strengthen the real reform, the real "change" word throughout.
We should do a good job of the combination of thematic education and "Led Tree Man" work, compute the responsibility of rectification, ensure that the problem is not falling, see the bottom zero, in order to improve the effectiveness.
We should adhere to the standard and cure, improve the long term mechanism, weave the system cage, strengthen the rigid restraint of the system, ensure that all work can be followed by rules, regulations, and really use the system to control people's rights.
To adhere to the above rate, the leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, taking the lead in serious inspection and rectification, taking the lead in strict discipline, playing a good "key minority" exemplary role, and working hard to complete the tasks of the subject education inspection and rectification.
The leading comrades of the Party Committee of five universities, such as Hunan University, and the relevant units of the province are responsible comrades.
"One Continuous" Two Major High Voltage Projects
26, the quasi-east to southern Anhui ± 1100 kV DC transmission project, Suitong 1000 kV AC special high voltage GIL integrated pipe corridor project into operation.
Both projects occupy the high point of each field of transmission technology in the world at present, and will improve the optimization configuration of energy in China.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Bureau, said the quasi-east to southern Anhui project is the largest transmission capacity in the world and the furthest transmission distance.
Its transportation is of great significance to promote the development of energy base in Xinjiang and guarantee the power supply in East China.
GIL, the gas-insulated metal closed transmission line.
The SuTong Pipe Gallery project has set the record of the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity in the world of GIL, and realized the operation of the 'AC double ring' with the highest voltage level of the core power network in East China.
According to the National Grid Company, the transmission distance of the quasi-east to southern Anhui project is  km long.
With conventional technology, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost along the way, and the project has been developed and developed to greatly increase the distance of economic transmission to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the project is put into operation, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes. It can help to solve the problem of the existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, this line alone will deliver 600 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours a year, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's electricity use throughout the year.
The Suitong GIL Integrated Pipe Gallery Project is a control project of the super high pressure communication ring network across the Yangtze River.
If you use a conventional overhead line across the river, you need to set up two giant towers over 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and build an artificial island the size of more than four football fields for each tower.
In this regard, the National Grid is bold and innovative, and has developed a compact high-voltage exchange GIL transmission technology, through the tunnel through the river, to avoid the impact on the gold channel.
Two projects have promoted the manufacturing capacity of electrical equipment in China to achieve a new leap.
At present, the National Grid has built "10 to 11 straight" high pressure project, and "4 to 3 straight" under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: Enhancing the Stability of Foreign Debt Structure in China
"Overall, the external debt structure of our country is continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt is enhanced."
Wang Chunying, a press spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on Sunday that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized security line and the overall risk of foreign debt is manageable.
Wang Chunying made the remarks in response to questions from reporters when the Foreign Exchange Bureau released foreign debt data for the end of June 2019.
By the end of June 2019, China's total caliber (including foreign currency) foreign debt balance was $ billion, up $ billion from the end of March 2019, an increase of 1.3%, mainly from the growth of debt securities balances, according to the data.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of China's total caliber foreign debt increment was driven by non-residents buying domestic RMB bonds, and the main non-residents were medium and long-term investors such as central banks.
At the end of June 2019, medium- and long-term foreign debt rose by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, and domestic foreign debt rose by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang said that as China's domestic RMB bonds are incorporated into the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market has increased further and continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"Our balance of payments maintains the overall balance and the risk of foreign debt is manageable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences that at present, Yunnan grassland corruption night moth has been effectively controlled, did not cause large area outbreaks into disaster, the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
In January, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan, first found a grass moth removed from outside the country, then confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan, and the grass moth gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to Chinese food production.
Grass moths are an important agricultural pest originating in tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. It has the characteristics of "international, evasive, violent and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 crops, such as corn, sugar cane, sorghum, and has a large amount of food, which can cause up to 70% loss of production.
It is difficult to prevent and control the insect. There is no registered pesticide in China.
Since the grassland corruption night moth moved to invade Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has chosen Chen Aidong researcher to lead the agricultural cross-boundary pest of the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences to cooperate with the green control province innovation team, to go to the first line, field investigation, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and test demonstration.
Chen Aidong team has mastered the population characteristics of Yunnan grassland corruption night moth, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, potion toxicity and field control effect.
They have been active in the research and application of green prevention and control technology, through population monitoring, adult killing, scientific drug use and agricultural measures, and the effect of prevention and control in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting natural enemies' resources and ecological environment, and providing effective protection for the prevention and control of night moth outbreaks in Yunnan.
At present, the grassland corruption night moth in Yunnan has been effectively controlled, without causing large area outbreaks to disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
The next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreaks, breaking through the construction of biological control and green control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network sites and demonstration areas outside the country to enhance the comprehensive monitoring and early warning capability of Yunnan grassland corruption night moth.
According to the People's Bank of China website, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins for China's International Imports Expo on September 30
The gold and silver commemorative coin consists of two gold coins, one gold commemorative coin and one silver commemorative coin, all legal currencies of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, this set of gold and silver commemorative coin is the Beijing Temple of the Year, and the Chinese words "China International Imports Expo" are published.
The back of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda, and the words "8g Au.999", the words "China International Imports Expo" in English and denomination.
The back of the 30g round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda, and the words "30g Ag.999", the words "China International Imports Expo" in English and denomination.
According to the introduction, 8 grams of round gold commemorative coins are Pu coins, including 8 grams of pure gold, 22 millimeters in diameter, 100 yuan in color 99.9%, with a maximum circulation of 10,000.
The 30g round silver commemorative coin is Pu coin, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 millimeters in diameter, 10 yuan in color 99.9%, with a maximum circulation of 20,000.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was cast by Shenyang Mint Co. Ltd.
White Paper: China steps out of a path of development that meets national conditions
Beijing, China, September 27 (Xinhua) -- China's State Council Information Office released the White Paper on China and the World in a New Age.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have explored and sharpened their way forward, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved remarkable development achievements.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing", generations of people who have gone on and continued their struggle to pay the hard work and sweat that others can't imagine; on the spirit of "carrying their own burden", whether in good times or adversity, do not export the problem, do not sell the spirit of the other countries through the struggle. The old road of imperialism and colonialism, not to copy the development model of Western countries, but to combine Chinese practice, summarize lessons and learn from human civilization, dare to try and get out of a way.
The white paper says that China has developed in the interaction with the world, and that China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development, and that China's roads meet China's national conditions and meet the requirements of the times.
China maintains world peace with practical actions.
For 70 years, China has not initiated any war and conflict, and has not appropriated an inch of land from other countries.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, China's development has been a great success, the root cause is to find the right path of development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and follow it unswervingly.
This is a road to establish, put the interests of the people first, reform and innovation, seek common development in the open, and govern the country in full accordance with the law.
China is huge, complex national conditions, difficult to govern, and without centralized and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper says that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one remarkable Chinese miracle after another.
In particular, since the Eighteenth Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has achieved historic achievements and made historic changes, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up, rich to strong, closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
This development path of China will show more and more bright prospects with the progress of the times.
The Declaration of World Buyers was jointly issued by representatives of 45 countries and regions.
27 at the Second World Buying Conference in Koqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, 45 representatives of the textile industry jointly issued the World Buying Manifesto.
The declaration noted that for the future, relevant countries will work together to promote the high quality development of the world textile industry by insisting on open synergy, technology drive and fashion leap.
The World Trade Organization has gathered about 1,200 representatives from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and cooperation of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Federation of Textile Industry, said that the current global industrial division of labor, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and accountability development, and the concept of "technology, fashion and green" is deepening.
Standing at the "crossroads" of the global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "Industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity requires the active participation of global textile people, the sharing of interests."
At the meeting, representatives of 45 countries and regions of the textile industry jointly issued the World Declaration on the Development of Textile Industry, which jointly elaborated the goals and vision of the global textile industry.
In the future, the relevant countries will adhere to open synergy, continuously promote the interconnection of industry and market, and jointly enhance the level of development of industrial chain. They will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, application research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capacity of industry; and give full play to the role of cohesive fashion as a carrier of textile and clothing as a bridge of culture and culture.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Association of Fashion Designers of Brazil, said in an interview that the release of the World Declaration of Buying helped countries jointly upgrade the development level of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, for example, said that the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers has more than 130 high-end local clothing brands, designers are committed to designing fashionable, high-end clothing products, and that Koqiao has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this cloth business conference, we also look forward to connecting with the excellent suppliers of Koqiao and seeking more opportunities for cooperation."
As the site of the World Buying Conference, Kokqiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, it is building a new pattern of upgrading and opening up to the inside and external, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Kokqiao District Council, said that Koqiao will take the opportunity to promote the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction with the gesture of the cloth merchant conference.
The RMB intermediates measured by Reuters affect 460 points in the inverse cycle near 7. yuan.
The yuan's median price against the dollar is expected to open near 7. yuan on Friday, down about 154 points from the previous day, according to a Reuters survey by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS).
The previous day's yuan was reported at $7., while the median price was $7..
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 of today's median price movements reflect the market ’ s supply and demand impact, while a further 27 points reflect the number of points needed for a basket of overnight exchange rates to remain essentially unchanged; and 460 points rise reflects the impact of the “inverse cycle factor. ”
The median price for the yuan against the dollar was 7. yuan, measured by Reuters, and 218 points of deviation from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Centre.
The RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (SDR) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively, according to the median price estimates released by Reuters last day.
Completion of Tianjin Zhou Dafu, China's first high-rise building in northern China, creates more than 100 national patent results
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the first high-rise building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of May 26. It marked the success of the construction information model of the high-precision BIM model in the construction of skyscrapers.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technical Development Zone. The total construction area of the project is 39,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above the ground, 530 meters high, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments and ultra-five-star hotels, and will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex after completion.
The project uses more than 70, 000 tons of steel, about 37.6 million meters of welding seam equivalent to 42.5 Zhuomulama peak height, the use of welds can circle the earth 40 times, the number of steel components reaches 42,000, 50% more than 50% of the world standard, including the maximum angle of the elliptical steel pipe.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Zhou Dafu project is unprecedented.
Industry sources said Tianjin Zhou Dafu financial center, in the country has been built or under construction of skyscraper projects, the first comprehensive implementation of the construction information model (BIM) management.
Creatively put forward and successfully implemented the "Three Whole BIM Application" model with full staff participation, full professional application and whole process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on high-precision BIM model.
In the course of Zhou Dafu's construction, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and unmistakable verification and then carried out physical entity construction, thus eliminating the possible problems of demolition and rework in previous construction projects in the bud, the chief said.
In 2017, the BIM innovation results of the Zhou Dafu Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Excellence Award for the Global Engineering Construction Industry at the Global AU Master Exchange and the 2017 Global Excellence Award for Global Engineering Construction Industry.
During the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent results.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation results and scientific and technological innovation push of Tianjin Zhou Dafu project not only make the complex and varied construction links all achieve a success, the construction period shortened by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in security management and so on.
Not long ago, Tianjin Zhou Dafu financial center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th Central Old Maine Mekong joint patrol law enforcement completed.
At 15: 30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats involved in the 86 Central Maine Mekong joint patrol were successfully docked in China's Guanli port, marking the end of the joint patrol law enforcement operation, the press office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said.
The operation was launched in Guandeo on 24 days and three nights, with 136 law enforcement officers and six law enforcement boats from the Central Old Maine and Thailand.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Bancho, Laos, Mengmo.
In addition, China has sent a team of police officers to Lao People's Army 122 and 133 border units to carry out the exchange of police practical combat skills and effectively enhance the emergency response capacity of law enforcement members of both sides to jointly dispose of emergencies.
The four countries also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other about the recent situation of border management, combating drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, to consult on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, to reach a consensus; and to hold four countries' stylistic exchange activities to carry out football, Fujiao and improve their cooperation in law enforcement.
After the end of the operation, the two sides will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and subsection joint tour mission to enhance the Mekong River's warning rate and maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin, said the head of the water patrol chief of Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau.
Since the launch of the joint Mekong patrol law enforcement, the four countries have been engaged in close exchanges, deepening pragmatic cooperation and achieving fruitful results in various fields such as law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchanges, the Thai command chief said.
It is hoped that the Quartet law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, and strive to open a new situation of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries and make a new contribution to maintaining security and stability in
Iranian Defense Minister Amer Khatami, 25, spoke out against any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran news agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile forces" would undermine Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran ’ s leaders have supported improved missile programs.
Iran reached an agreement with the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue in 2015, and the United States withdrew from the deal last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran in an attempt to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear deal with the United States to limit Iran's weapons projects and regional activities.
Some Western leaders have used the UN General Assembly to mediate tensions between the US and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron meet on the sidelines of the General Assembly on Sunday.
After the meeting, the three leaders issued a joint statement urging Iran to participate in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, 24, told media reporters that Iran was willing to discuss "small changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear deal, provided the United States lifts sanctions.
Vice Minister Jiang Zengwei Meets Chairman of the Hong Kong International Film Festival
The Chinese news guide, directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Institute, is the only Chinese-language film to compete for the Golden Kirin Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival, the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival's main competition unit, which opens on October 28.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "TaoLi Manchu," about a common Mongolian herdsman couple, a kind of life dilemma arising from the different pursuit of life, starring Mongolian actor Ji Zhi Mu and Tana.
"Under the White Cloud" is known to hold two global premiere events during the festival, with release dates of October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year at the venues of Tokyo's Six Kingdoms, Japan Valley, and on the afternoon of September 26, the festival organizing committee held a press conference to officially announce the main competition unit for the Golden Kirin Award, the "Asian Future" unit, "special hospitality unit," and "Japanese film focus.
The director of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese competition film "Under the White Cloud."
Zhang Ziyi became chairman of the International Judges of the Film Festival's main competition unit.
"Asia's Future" unit has three Chinese-language films
In a series of units at the Tokyo International Film Festival, its importance is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film, although only eight shortlisted films, six fewer than the main competition, but three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong are shortlisted.
Two Hong Kong films are "Baby revanchist," directed by Lu Ying, directed by Huang Qingxun, starring Guo Fucheng and Yang Qianqian, a mainland film is Yau's director of "The Knights of the Summer Night."
In addition, the China-Japan collaborative action adventure film, starring Yu Fai, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Pak Hong, will also be released at the festival as a "special hospitality piece."
The film festival spokesman, "Goddess" Guang Ying Alice, was absent from the press conference to make a video message.
Famous director Yamada Yang.
At the press conference, the president of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Ando Yu-kang, director of the film festival, and the head of the unit selection, took the stage in August to introduce the purpose of the film festival and the release of films.
As a special guest of the press conference, the opening film - the 50th installment of the "Yin Zi Lang" series, "Welcome Back" director Yamada Yoshida, two Japanese film directors who are shortlisted for the main competition unit, "Barabola", the foot squire ("Love Wife"), the famous comedy writer, and the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international judging panel of the main competition unit consists of five people, the chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China, and the other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gayer, Danish director Michael Knoll and Japanese director Kwangmyongsongi.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Imaging Market), which is held in sync with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held from October 22 to 24 at the pool bag Sunny City Convention and Exhibition Center, and this year will have a record 401 groups set up stalls, especially from China, up 90 exhibitors, up a jump compared with 6.4 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM in particular designated the opening day of October 22 as "China Day (CHINA DAY)," held multiple lectures, seminars and other events, and invited Japanese director Shi Ji Yu to attend the event, and the evening's welcome dinner was co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Begins
Chengdu, March 27 (Xinhua) -- The panda base can hold 180 giant pandas in the future. The expansion of the Panda Planet and the Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding began in Chengdu on September 25, meaning the Chengdu Project of Panda Capital was officially launched.
According to the plan, Chengdu's "panda capital" consists of three regions of North Lake Film District, Dujiangyan Area and Longquan Mountain Film District, covering 69 square kilometers.
The plan will combine the ecological, cultural value of giant pandas with the construction of beautiful and livable park city in Chengdu to create the ecological home of giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake Film District, covering 35 square kilometers and combining industrial planning, will form a "1 + N + X" regional spatial structure.
One core attraction is the expansion of the Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding; the N cultural tourism consumption scene is built, namely panda town, free park, dream garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure facilities.
After the expansion of the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, the scale will reach  mu, generally positioned as a world-class panda protection demonstration site, people and animals share the good time.
The park plans can accommodate 180 giant pandas and their companion animals (small pandas and golden monkeys).
In recent days, a number of international dignitaries and ambassadors congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and spoke highly of the achievements of New China and its important significance to global development, according to the Central Radio and Television Channel's China Voice.
In an interview with the Central Radio and Television Directorate, Malian President Kita said he had visited China many times, and that China's development over the past 70 years had been amazing and benefited the world.
Kita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to all peoples of the world.
We hope for all the success of China, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday to China!
Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China, "Barbados Prime Minister Motley said
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day because it is also my birthday.
Recently (25), embassies from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Russia's ambassador to China, Denisov, said: personally seeing the starting point of China's reform and opening policy, compared with today and more than 40 years ago, progress is too great.
In addition, in recent days, my embassies and consulates in many countries have held various activities on the ground to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with friendly local people.
Many foreign friends have sent their sincere wishes to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced the launch of the unmanned "Level 4" fully self-driving taxi team Robotaxi's trial operation on a specific road in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Pony Zhibong has also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis, which are supported by the Chinese government, will be expanded everywhere.
Since 26 days, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation, and passengers in Changsha can apply for rides through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road, which provides trial operation, is 50 kilometres by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 kilometres by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is a pure electric vehicle "red flag EV" for China's One Auto Group, equipped with a system developed by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government, the Apollo program.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program has more than 150 companies, including Volkswagen, Daimler in Germany, Ford Motor in the United States, Intel in the United States, Microsoft in the United States and Yingwei in the United States.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest Internet ride-hailing service has released plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai during the year.
China's self-driving development competition or will become more intense.
Taiwan scholar Jianzheng: "Uncertain Age" Taiwan businessmen need to develop mainstream industry with tight mainland
The "2019 Taiwan Merchants Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei two days in a row on May 26 and 27.
The event invited representatives and scholars from Taiwan to share their experiences on corporate transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum is hosted by the Taipei Business Management Research Institute, the group of organizations such as Jinding Securities, the Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Merchants Association.
Two days of meetings are divided into transition upgrade mode, business strategy and other seminars, more than 100 people attended.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Business Management, said trade frictions between China and the United States continued and Taiwanese businessmen faced "uncertain times."
He believes that Taiwan businessmen need to move with the times and follow the mainstream industries that are developing on the mainland, especially focusing on innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwan businessmen valued quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above conditions are not enough at the moment.
He pointed out that Taiwanese enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extending services and living products services.
In addition, "service appreciation" is also a new field in which Taiwanese businessmen can develop vigorously.
Xu Wentang, chairman of Yanyi Electronics Co. Ltd., a Taiwanese businessman from Guangdong, said that Yanyi Electronics had been operating difficulties due to the sudden reduction of orders.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue after taking off traditional electrical business, transforming electronic equipment for automobiles, and entering the intelligent home appliance industry.
Sun Shen (Zhuhai) Electronics Co. Ltd General Manager Bai Hongzhang said that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
Customers replace the supplier with poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, low variety, integrity problems, as long as the solution of these six points, plus the timely transformation of the production line, the expansion of the product category, the enterprise will become the customer's irreplaceable supplier.
27, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Merchants Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Management Institute, was held in Taipei.
Lu Zhongzhang, general manager of the Shanghai-based Golden Land Company, won the "Outstanding Taiwan Merchants and Cross-strait Contribution Award," Taiwan's Economic Daily reported.
New Rules for Consultation: Social Capital Acquisition of Rural Land Management Need Qualification
Social capital to acquire rural land management rights needs to be qualified
The Measures on the Transfer Management of Rural Land Rights Open for Consultation on the Administration of Land Management for the Transfer of Social Capital to Industrial and Commercial Enterprises
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued a notice on the "Measures on the Transfer of Rural Land Management (Draft Amendment)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft Opinion") for public comment, adding to the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to land management rights.
The draft opinion is now open to the community for comment.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs said that in order to implement the newly revised Rural Land Contracting Law, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of rural land system, implement the "three-power division" system, and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the Measures on the Transfer Management of Rural Land Contracts.
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that the first published draft of the opinion has a number of important changes.
The newly revised Rural Land Contracting Act defines the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "three rights division", sets up the "land contract management right" and "land management right" respectively, and makes a clear distinction between the transfer, swap and transfer of land rights (rent, transfer, stock or other means).
In this draft of the opinion, in order to carry out the concept of "three rights division", we effectively respond to the tenor of the Law on Rural Land Contracting, and take into account the differences between the transfer of land rights and the exchange of land contracting rights and the transfer of land contracts in the parties, procedures and supervision. Modified as the "rural land management right transfer management method."
The transfer and swap of the land contract management rights will be separately introduced to regulate the management methods.
In the context of "three rights division," farmers enter stocks only for a certain period of land rights, according to the Opinion.
In theory, even if there is a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing the right to operate for a certain period of time, so it is no longer necessary to return the contracted land to the original contractor legally and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of losing land to farmers, the practice has produced the preferred stock, the first rent stock, the buyback and so on.
Considering that the preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion on the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocate to prevent the risk of falling into the stock.
