State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entered the old revolutionary base areas of southern Jiangxi.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme of "Do not forget your initiative mind, keeping in mind the mission", the Central integration of defense and civilian technologies Office, the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research activity on "State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entering the old revolutionary base areas in southern Gannan" to review the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inherit the red gene, carry out the docking of relevant enterprises with the needs of Ganzhou City, and promote the accelerated development of the old revolutionary base areas
Jin Zhuanglong, Executive Deputy Director of the Central Military-Civil Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Vice Minister of the Central United Front Work Department, Secretary of the Party Group and Executive Vice Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the State Bureau of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, and Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee participated in the investigation.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 Minkou state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 advantageous private enterprises such as Yanxiang Group.
In the meantime, the researchers visited the Memorial Park of the origin of the Central Red Army's Long March, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army's Long March period, investigated seven enterprises and one testing center in Ganzhou City on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed contracts on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Weapons Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnet Technology Co., Ltd. made speeches on behalf of the Military Industry Group Company, Minkou state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises. They said that they would continue to strengthen the demand docking work of state-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises with Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually expand the areas of cooperation, help industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote high-quality development in the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary base areas in southern Gannan, defined the key tasks for the economic and social development of the old revolutionary base areas at the present stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises in serving the people and starting businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation of the former Central Soviet Area in southern Gannan, adjusting the structure, benefiting the people's livelihood, and promoting the quality change, efficiency change and dynamic change of economic development.
Beijing market supervision departments carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the holiday, commodity prices are basically stable.
Beijing, Sept. 27 / prnewswire-asianet / -- in order to strengthen market supervision and law enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau inspected more than 2,000 households of various business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other daily necessities sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the Bureau carried out "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" activities throughout the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other all-factor and all-link law enforcement inspections in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively standardize the market operation order.
According to reports, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, worked together and cooperated closely. The leaders of various law enforcement agencies led the team to conduct joint law enforcement inspections on some randomly selected business entities in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement personnel focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The market supervision bureaus of various districts also organized joint law enforcement inspections at the same time. A total of more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel were dispatched to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business entities. The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other daily necessities sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said that during the National Day, it will strengthen emergency duty, continue to carry out inspection and inspection of the market, and quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision problems in accordance with the law. Once verified, the business violations reflected by the public will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the law, so as to earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
Chinese essay contest "China in My Heart" by Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences unveiled
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay contest with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was unveiled on the 26th at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences and held an award ceremony.
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council and President of the Cambodian Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce, presented awards to the award-winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted for two months. The participants were Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and college students (including social personnel).
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificate to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted separately according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form an evaluation committee. Through the preliminary evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, one first prize, two second prizes, three third prizes and 10 excellence prizes in the university group were finally selected. One first prize, five second prize, 10 third prize and 20 excellence prizes in the primary and secondary school group.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, said that he had been studying Chinese for 15 years and had a great impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to use words to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows the guests and the winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the emotion of "China in her heart" through the Chinese language of her ancestral home and won the award. She was very excited.
Organizers said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere for Sino-Cambodian relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that advanced centrifuges at Iran ’ s Natanz Nuclear Facility “are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium ”.
Since US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the nuclear deal reached with major powers in 2015.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first-generation IR-1 centrifuge to refine uranium.
The other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage the deal, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to a report by Japan's Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Maki Minchong held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, the United States, where he visited. He confirmed that he would promote the conclusion of negotiations on a peace treaty including the territorial issues of the four northern islands (disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "four northern islands" and Russia as the "South Kuril Islands"), and develop relations between the two countries in a wide range of political and economic fields. The two sides also reached an agreement on coordinating Maki's visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This is the first consultation with Russia since Maomu took office as foreign minister, as the person in charge of the negotiations on the conclusion of
Maomu told the Russian side that "including the promotion of common economic activities (in the four northern islands), we hope to earnestly carry out consultations".
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit in December 2018, the policy of accelerating negotiations between the foreign ministers of the two countries as responsible persons was confirmed.
At this meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and garbage disposal.
Maomu expressed his expectation for the tourism pilot business scheduled to be implemented in October, saying: "I hope the successful implementation will lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks also confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the meeting of foreign ministers of the Group of 20 (G20) in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa news: On the 27th, the parliament of the South Pacific island nation of Tonga elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website of MATANGI, the main Tonga media, the Tonga Parliament has a unicameral system and is composed of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa won 23 votes in support, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of executive, legislative and judicial powers.
Tuionetoa also has to accept the appointment of the king.
The next Tonga parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
Women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by the opponent after winning two games in a row, and finally defeated the Netherlands 3-1, ushering in a nine-game winning streak.
The World Cup schedule is drawing to a close. Although defending the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team should not be taken lightly in the face of the Serbian team.
In the first two games of the match with Holland, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever. They went down to the two cities at 25: 19 and 25: 16 respectively. Until the third set, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the aggressiveness of the serve when it was lagging behind. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. In addition, the girls were eager to attack and their mistakes began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back by their opponents at 21: 25.
After the match, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third set, we gave about 8 points because of mistakes."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the match. Although it lost one game, everything was still under Lang Ping's control. "It is normal to win or lose against a strong team, and it is also normal to play five games, so we told the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth set, the players actively adjusted their state. Zhang Changning was fully fired on the offensive end and scored 8 points in a single set, making great contributions to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11 rounds of confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound the alarm bell for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against the Netherlands: the more critical the moment is, the more we must go all out.
In another match on the 27th, Russia and the US women's volleyball team played five games, and the US team failed to take all three points from their opponents. As a result, the Chinese women's volleyball team can defend its title one round ahead of schedule as long as it takes all three points against Serbia.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all the six main players of the Serbian team are absent this time, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the current form of the scoreboard, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can "travel light" in the match against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down the burden and go all out to attack the opponent. However, the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship, and the state may
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a lamb to be "slaughtered". In the previous battle with the Netherlands, the two sides fought five innings, and the Serbian second team finally reversed the all-main lineup of the Netherlands 3-2, which shows the depth of its lineup.
Before the start of the third stage of the match, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams were not easy to deal with: "The match in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare carefully as always."
Now the horn of defending the title has been sounded, and the competition has really entered the "white-hot stage".
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponent. It is only the last critical moment. It depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the field.
The University of Macao held the “Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium ” today (27), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from countries and regions such as the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao who are engaged in the field of“ external stem cell ” research to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
Australian Vice President (Research) Ge Wei said that stem cell research has medical value and is also one of the key scientific research projects in Australia. The seminar will help promote research and development in the stem cell field in Macao.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, Australia is committed to building a talent training base and a science and technology innovation center on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Deng Chuxia, president of the Australian College of Health Sciences, said that Australia has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also significantly improved the quantity and quality of papers. Australia has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a number of well-known scholars shared the cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Translational Medicine of Kunming University of Science and Technology, Yunnan, explained the process of using 3D culture system to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro and their molecular mechanism; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cells of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, expounded the space-time changes in cell lineage and tissue after implantation of mouse embryos from single-cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University, showed you how to use biomaterial hydrogel to simulate stem cell micronests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the Australian College of Health Sciences, Chen Guokai, Assistant President, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Australian Institute of Chinese Medicine, also introduced their latest important results.
The “Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium ” was sponsored by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, co-organized by the Institute of Chinese Medicine of the University of Macao and the State Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology, and attended by Chen Bi'an, Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund.
The seminar consists of 11 academic reports, including embryo development and tissue generation, translational medicine, mechanism research and translational application of stem cells, biomaterials and applications, etc.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm, and the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Mr Tsui said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions. It also provided valuable learning opportunities for students.
The award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honorary Title of the People's Republic of China will be held ceremoniously.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honorary Title of the People's Republic of China will be held ceremoniously at the Great Hall of the People at 10: 00 a.m. on September 29.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Order of the Republic", "Order of Friendship" and the National Honorary Title Medal to the winners of the National Medal and the National Honorary Title respectively and deliver an important speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the National Honorary Title will be held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 10: 00 a.m. on September 29.
This is the "Order of the Republic".
The "Medal of the Republic" takes red and gold as the main colors. The medals are made of national emblem, five-pointed star, Yellow River, Yangtze River, mountain peaks, peony and other elements. The medals are made of Chinese knot, Ruyi, orchid and other elements. The whole medals are made of cold pressing molding, filament inlay, enamel and other techniques. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the medals winners to the construction and development of the Republic. It praises the highest honor of the country and wishes the prosperity of the motherland. It implies that the people of all ethnic groups in the country unite as one to build the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The "Order of Friendship" takes gold and blue as the main colors. The chapter body uses elements such as dove of peace, earth, handshake and lotus. The chapter chain uses elements such as Chinese knot, evergreen, peony, jade and orchid grass. The whole is handmade using traditional techniques such as silk inlay and cloisonne enamel. It symbolizes the friendship and unity between the Chinese people and the people of all countries. It wishes all countries in the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Honorary Title Medal takes red and gold as the main colors. The medallion body adopts five stars, Tiananmen Square, peony, flag, light and other elements. The medallion chain adopts Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. The whole medallion is made by cold pressing molding, filament inlay, enamel and other techniques. It symbolizes the great contributions made by the winners of the National Honorary Title in various fields and industries. It highlights the leading role of demonstration and inspires the people of all ethnic groups in the country to Do not forget your initiative mind, keep in mind the mission, and make unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhuanet will broadcast the award ceremony live. Key central news websites such as People's Network, CCTV Network and China Network will broadcast it simultaneously with new media platforms such as People's Daily Client, Xinhua News Agency Client and CCTV News Client.
In a speech at the US Military Academy at West Point, Stoltenberg said: "For 70 years, the containment and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological superiority."
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said: "We are experiencing more and more intense competition.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
He said: "Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in developing the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, the "One Ticket Take Me to See" activity of caring for the disabled was held at the head of Orange Island in Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star cruise ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of Xiangjiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a mutilated person. He seldom goes out because his feet are inconvenient to move.
He said: "Today, for the first time on a cruise ship, I enjoyed the grandeur of the Xiangjiang River at close range and felt the pulse of the development of Changsha. I was very excited and unforgettable
Volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided meticulous services to the disabled.
Especially for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on and off the cruise ship.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and holders of social and economic development. Caring for and helping persons with disabilities and caring for and supporting the cause of persons with disabilities have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlights of various media have suddenly lit up, making many images that we do not remember very much. They are the ones who bring heat and light to our shining days.
However, if the hero walks around, he also seems ordinary as you and me.
Yuan Longping, devoted to the study of rice, nurtured good seeds all over the world, so that more than a billion people no longer have the risk of hunger and discouragement, this Weng is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the fields; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who worked hard to make China's "sky eye" angry, a person, a lifetime, a pot, only do one thing in his life, gnawing cold steamed buns in the deep mountains of Guizhou, no different from the old man in the stockade; Zhou Ruchang, a red scholar, a late village boy, still like a red son, learning from China and the West, with a disheveled white hair, talking about learning to the heart, like to laugh; Qin Yi, a film artist who has passed the age of 90, is still happy to play on the plateau for six or seven
They, seeking benevolence and benevolence, live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they are immersed in the career that outsiders do not understand and they cherish, they will easily be happy and do not care about fame, wealth and splendor.
Just like in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk in the Sutra Collection Pavilion of Shaolin Temple, although he has amazing martial arts, is not dazzling, not proud, not happy or sad.
Every "sweeping monk" and every pair of red hearts have a family and country responsibility behind them.
The responsibility of the country is not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, the words of a female middle school student were turned crazy by netizens. "When a hero passes by, someone has to sit on the side of the road and applaud...... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be the person who sits on the side of the road and applauds."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
People who applaud on the roadside are also transmitting heat and light. They are also luminous.
Ordinary as you are like me, there are always some opportunities in your life, there are some moments, there is a kind of accumulation over time, is also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an outstanding judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform. However, at the annual meeting, he let the old master of the communication office take the stage to tell his own story. He received and sent numerous newspaper letters in a year. There was no mistake. "It is not simple to do simple things well." Zou Bihua led the judges to send applause to this "sweeping monk" -style old man.
This is appreciate each other between heroes. One hero is applauding another hero.
The sweeping monk has the Shaolin Temple Sutra Collection Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nanrendong has a "sky eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a pulpit...... whether or not to be a hero depends not only on his own efforts, but also on a good environment and a positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China's Eye of Heaven" is now a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological circles were still climbing hard, and novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Bodies".
At that time, the best "eye" was Arecibo, a single-sided radio telescope in the valley of the island of Puerto Rico in the United States, with a diameter of 350 meters. It was considered to be the most "unsurpassed" in the world.
At that time, the diameter of the Chinese radio telescope was less than one tenth of that of others.
However, Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salaries in Japan, insisted on returning home and brought back an almost crazy idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more information from outer space!
China is waiting for prosperity. Is investing huge sums of money just to play with the stars?
The motherland trusts Nan Rendong, and the "Eye of Heaven" project opens with great force.
It took 12 years for the site to be selected, and another 9 years for the project to be completed.
With the opening of the 500-meter-caliber "Eye of Heaven", China has made a "unique scientific project in the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "Heavenly Eye" is great, the South Rendong people are great, and the Republic with tolerance is great and standing high.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanrendong people have the opportunity to become the soul of the country.
There are young talents and white-haired heroes walking by, and there are people applauding gently on the roadside. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage sorting education first into Jilin kindergarten environmental protection concept starting with dolls
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province conducted a waste classification education class to teach young children to distinguish recyclable waste from other types of waste.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Prefecture Level in Jilin Province.
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun City, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
Through this activity, we hope to achieve the effect of using young children to drive families and kindergartens to drive society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Faner International Kindergarten, which held the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the garden read out an environmental protection proposal, hoping that garbage sorting would start with children.
After performing the "Low Carbon Beibei" dance, the children started a small garbage sorting game in groups.
The instructor also issued "recyclable" and "other garbage" labels, advising the children to stick the labels to the trash can and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan said that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low carbon and green environmental protection, and has regularly opened environmental protection lecture halls.
Separable garbage cans have also been set up at the garbage drop-off area in the park, which are marked with the type of drop-off.
Teachers teach children what recyclable trash is.
According to preliminary statistics, Jilin Province generated about 5,465,200 tons of municipal domestic waste in 2018, all of which entered the domestic waste disposal site for treatment.
Among them, 3,292,900 tons were sanitary landfill, 2,092,300 tons were incinerated, and 80,100 tons were treated by comprehensive utilization process.
After years of hard work, all cities and counties in the province have the capacity for harmless treatment of domestic waste.
In the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Domestic Waste in Prefecture-level Cities in Jilin Province", which has been issued, it is clearly required to carry out in-depth activities such as garbage classification into schools, teaching materials and classrooms. Through the creation of garbage classification songs, ballads, cartoons, micro-videos and other works, the interaction between students and parents will be strengthened, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and cultivating a new generation".
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, the global sales volume in August was 117,015 vehicles.
Sales in China fell by 21% due to the impact of insufficient delivery of new cars and reduced prices.
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6%, and demand for the last bus before the consumer tax increase in October was limited.
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
Sales of China's dedicated main SUV "CX-4" decreased by 14%.
"CX-4" has been on the market for a long time since 2016, and the effect of new cars has declined.
The reduction in price due to the strategy of increasing brand value from a long-term perspective is also reported to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States rose 7% year-on-year to 27,482 vehicles, a 14-month increase.
The business day of sellers in August was one day more than that of the previous year. Coupled with "promotional activities such as enhanced publicity" (Mazda), sales of SUVs such as "CX-5" increased.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said the emergency buying before the tax increase "did not reach the same level as last time (in 2014)."
Sales of small cars such as “Demio ” decreased.
The political legacy of Chirac's death will last forever.
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac passed away at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is undergoing unprecedented changes in a century, many political legacies left by this French politician when he was in power are still worthy of our praise.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years in a highly charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullist, but also firmly supported European integration. He is a representative figure in pursuit of the "European dream".
At the same time, he also strongly advocates world multipolarization and multilateralism, and is a statesman with strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media rated him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's relishing political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined hands with Germany to withstand the pressure of the United States and take the lead in anti-war.
A year after the outbreak of the war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to the intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was correct.
At a time when European integration is at a loss and American unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and affectionate.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "golden decade" of Sino-French relations. After he was first elected President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with the strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France grew rapidly, and the two countries made breakthrough progress in cooperation in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transportation and other fields.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac has created a brand-new mode of cultural exchange in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and can even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"You have not really been to Egypt without looking at the pyramids, and you have not really been to China without looking at the terracotta figures" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters, Chirac said: "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems caused by China's economic growth, and China's international political status.
But I personally have full confidence in China.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization. Its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and shoulder its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that China's revival will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Sri Lankan people have gone, but the political heritage and enlightenment left by Chirac to the world will last forever.
The "7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference" with the theme of "Gathering Optics and Wisdom for the Future" was unveiled in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly 1,000 experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid close attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF) and jointly hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Five special reports and 188 forum reports were organized, and 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums were set up to exchange and discuss the research results of big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology.
The purpose of the CCF Big Data Academic Conference is to strengthen the contact and exchange between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, and promote multi-disciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry. After seven sessions, it has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, which focuses on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has been extended to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
Members of the pro-establishment camp of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region jointly oppose the US-Hong Kong-related Bill
Some members of the pro-establishment camp of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committees of both houses of the US Congress.
The statement, co-signed by 40 members of the pro-establishment camp, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are conferred by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements in the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly abided by international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with different countries and regions, and participated in co-operation in many relevant fields.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the US Senate and the House of Representatives to pass the relevant bill was not necessary. It was only in response to the call of its agents to harm Hong Kong as a means of grossly interfering in the internal affairs of Hong Kong and fighting for political chips for its agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the pro-establishment camp expressed deep regret and strongly opposed the move by the United States.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, it will not only deal a blow to the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, but will also make Sino-US relations even worse. It will do no good and harm others and themselves.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems", continue to enjoy the rights conferred by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, now or in the future, Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international commerce and trade.
According to a report by the European Times on the 26th, the two houses of the French Parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France could not "accept everyone", but at the same time, it should strive to "properly accept".
According to the report, Macron tried to find a compromise route on immigration affairs and slow down the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, in an interview during the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, the United States, Macron said that he hoped to have a real "two-pronged" plan on immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to be able to accept (immigrants) properly, it cannot accept everyone," Macron said.
Macron listed four key points of the immigration policy: to grant asylum status to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of immigrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all immigrants entering French territory; and to more efficiently resettle those who have entered France illegally and are not suitable to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "State Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic before.
Macron said he hoped to be able to "evaluate" the system, but did not abolish it, but put some restrictions on it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, leader of the far-right "National League", tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk."
Rasher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party and President of the Senate, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face the reality" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Varau, a member of the leftist Socialist Party, believed that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report pointed out that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for a year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it is unable to appease the right-wing opposition party.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of attack by the far right. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but at the same time, he will also risk infuriating leftists within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate from October 2.
There are signs that China's A shares are ushering in a "repurchase tide", and many listed companies have taken out "real gold and silver" to buy back the company's shares.
According to the statistics of Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan.(人民币，下同 ) , far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, setting an all-time high in the amount of A-share share repurchase funds.
In this regard, Xu Yang, Chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market this year is relatively low, and the repurchase of shares at a relatively low price is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow, which is conducive to boosting investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued detailed rules for the implementation of share repurchase by listed companies, providing detailed norms and guidelines for share repurchase for listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, listed companies that have implemented the plan to increase their holdings and repurchase are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, judging from the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies have repurchased more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, Yili shares ranked first, with a repurchase amount of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, Vice Dean of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with a China News Agency reporter that on the one hand, the buyback shows that listed companies have strong economic strength and better financial situation, have the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, to the market and to investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have higher quality.
For the capital market, this is the core basic element.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and has a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
In addition, according to the estimates of Oriental Securities Research News, according to the estimated number of stock repurchases set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of repurchased shares, the incremental capital brought by repurchased shares to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
In the past two months, the restoration of the large-scale mural of Tianjin Tianhou Palace, a key national cultural protection unit, was completed on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
"The Sacred Traces of the Queen of Heaven" is a large-scale traditional mural that comprehensively reflects the life of Mazu.
With the approval of the relevant departments of the state, it was drawn by Cai Changkui, former curator of Tianjin Folk Museum (Tianhou Palace) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north walls of the main hall of the Tianhou Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth of the queen of heaven, crossing the sea by a seat, and ascending to heaven. 358 characters reproduce the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "wet and dry" has led to the rupture of the mural, which accounts for 60% of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of the deeds of Mazu, the Ancient Culture Street Management Committee of Nankai District of Tianjin and the Tianhou Palace started the restoration project of the main hall of the Tianhou Palace and the murals
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui, and four famous Chinese painters were invited to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repairing the old as the old'. At the same time, the original murals have also been adjusted to the local content, and the original imperfect parts of the murals have been supplemented and repaired.
During the restoration, we also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink, etc.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were maintained.
Tianhou Palace was built in 1326, formerly known as Tianfei Palace, commonly known as Niangniang Palace. After many renovations, it is the oldest building complex in downtown Tianjin and one of the earliest existing Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the commissioning ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held ceremoniously.
The shape of the terminal of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix spreading its wings" and is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded. Last year, it carried 100 million + passengers, making it the second airport in the world with a passenger throughput of more than 100 million passengers a year after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is estimated that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights. By 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million passengers, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province, with a straight distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square. It is currently the largest new airport in the world.
The roof-covered steel structure of its terminal has a floor projection area of 180,000 square meters, the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival floors and two departure floors - F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high-speed and the airport outside the terminal corresponds to the F3 and F4 of the terminal, respectively, and the two floors of the domestic departure can be used.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of "double airports" in Beijing.
The new airport is positioned as a large-scale international aviation hub, a new power source for national development, and a comprehensive transportation hub for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region that supports the construction of xiong'an new area. Up to now, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines. The flights of various airlines have been approved one after another.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes. It covers 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This forms a "dual hub" airport pattern with coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport. It not only relieves the operating pressure of the capacity saturation of the capital airport, but also better meets the urgent needs of the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport has fully considered the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and the operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport runway has adopted an "omnidirectional" layout, adopted the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and established the largest terminal control area in China, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operation.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used a localized automatic baggage handling and information management system, and adopted an innovative baggage transmission mode to improve the handling efficiency of the baggage system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralds the cool take-off of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic first, with a localization rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject air vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua tentatively held a general meeting in November to lower the age of joining the Party to 16 years old.
Ma Hua tentatively held a central congress in early November to amend the Party Constitution and lower the age of joining the Party to 16.
With the approval of the Congress to lower the voting age for the general election, Ma Hua announced that the 66th Central Congress will be held this year and put forward proposals to amend the Party Constitution, including lowering the age for Ma Hua to join the Party from the existing age of 18 to 16.
Malaysian President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang said that the Malaysian Central Committee was originally scheduled to hold a central congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but the date of the congress may change due to the by-election of Danrongbi Ai seats.
He said that as the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and polling day for the by-election of the Danjongbi seat, they will meet the following day, that is, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the Congress and amend the Party Constitution, but it happened that Datuk Mohamad, a member of the Native Solidarity Party, died of illness, so he joined the agenda of the national seat by-election.
Wang Boxiang, former Secretary of the Shouguang County Party Committee of Shandong Province - Qiangxian Fumin Chizixin - Xinhuanet
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943. He took part in the work in 1967. He successively served as secretary of the township party committee, secretary of the county party committee and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed Secretary of Shouguang County Party Committee in Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During his five years in office at Shouguang, Wang Boxiang, with the heart of serving the people, concentrated his efforts on three things: first, to promote the industrialization of vegetables; second, to develop Shoubei saline-alkali beach; and third, to lay the foundation for the transformation of industry, so that Shouguang people can bulge their pockets and stand up.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables, and they have also learned a lesson from growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers could not sell a bumper harvest of vegetables and rotten in the fields.
Wang Boxiang's research found that the key to grasping vegetables is to do a good job in circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in setting up a vegetable wholesale market, which opened the prelude to developing a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead. If they screw up, the county will bear all the losses.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 winter warm vegetable greenhouses. At that time, 17 "double ten thousand yuan households" emerged in the village.
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion team. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured and guided the villages and towns. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable greenhouses were promoted. After that, vegetable greenhouses were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, the 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, in addition to the saline-alkali beach, is a shallow beach.
The life of the local people is very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable greenhouse. What about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized more than 100,000 people to engage in a general meeting and camped on the barren alkali beach for 40 to 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and lived on the construction site. Like migrant workers, they pushed carts to carry burdens and slept rough. When the common people saw them, they all extended their thumbs and admired them. At that time, Shoubei opened 150,000 mu of shrimp pond, 200,000 mu of salt field and 600,000 mu of cotton field, and developed a "cornucopia" on the saline-alkali beach.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang attended the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as Secretary of the County Party Committee.
During the meeting, a "Comparison Table of Industrial Economy Numbers in Twelve Counties and Urban Areas of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value was not bad, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from bottom.
With a group of more than 70 people, Wang Boxiang went to other places to "change his mind".
Less than a year after returning, the county invested 150 million yuan and launched 77 projects.
Since then, a "learning group" has been organized every year to learn from the classics in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting to make the decision: in the county-wide open selection of factory directors and managers, 40 "enterprising capable people" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred as Vice Mayor of Weifang City.
What he left behind was more than 200,000 vegetable greenhouses, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "ten thousand yuan households" and a cadre team recognized by the people. The people of Shouguang still affectionately call him "our Boxiang Secretary".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Foreign Minister Tano of Côte d'Ivoire, the current member of the African Security Council, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jehinavi of Tunisia attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four suggestions on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, build strength by unity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are challenged and the role of the United Nations is affected, to the detriment of the interests of the vast number of developing countries, including African countries, and small and medium-sized countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to hold hands and shoulder to shoulder, so that unity can have strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the weight of focus is not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
If China and Africa stand together, it will not only have four votes, but will lead other countries to follow up, influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with the African members of the Security Council. It is necessary to make full use of this coordination mechanism
Second, to resolve disputes through negotiation.
China has always advocated a political solution to hot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and has the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the agenda of the Security Council, particularly the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the root causes of colonialism, while others are directly related to external factors.
We should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self-planning and self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best. Africa also has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote capacity-building for autonomous peace operations in Africa.
Fourth, governance by development.
China and the vast number of African countries are developing countries. We must persist in putting economic and social development first and support each other for the development path they have chosen.
China is willing to closely link the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
We should jointly push the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic broke out again in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. China has made and will continue to make every effort to provide human and material assistance within its capabilities. It is also willing to coordinate actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, WHO and others to increase assistance and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal pediatrics and other relays to save small lives.
Thrilling!
The pregnant mother of the second child had an early attack. On her way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby was born in her father's car.
Fortunately, obstetricians and neonatologists dealt with it in time, and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatology department of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both of which were premature babies at 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng is a pregnant mother with a second child. At 7: 00 a.m. on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach. She thought she was 32 weeks pregnant and her first child was premature. She packed up the items to be delivered and prepared to go directly to the hospital after taking a bath.
After 9: 30, Ms. Cheng packed up and let her husband drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Unexpectedly, shortly after the car left the house, the baby couldn't wait to be born in his father's car co-driver.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and the baby finally arrived at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The hospital security guard saw the flustered couple and the baby and immediately informed the obstetrics delivery room. Four doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan, including deputy chief physician Zhang Huan, rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord disk.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the co-driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood under her body. A baby boy was nearby and attached to the umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan asked and learned that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. On the way, the parents did not have time to cover the package for the child. The morning of early autumn was already cool. His skin was pale with cold, no crying, and his limbs collapsed.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the co-driver to deal with the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan got in from the cab and quickly opened the delivery bag. He wrapped several layers of warmth for the baby with the treatment towel and the delivery bag cloth inside, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (as shown in the figure). Then he took the baby to the 12th floor of the neonatal department.
After learning the news, the neonatal medical care immediately rushed to the nurse station to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby looked purple and suffocated and lacked oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him tracheal intubation. In less than a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat, and the skin color gradually regained ruddy. The recovery was successful.
After admission, the 32-week-old baby was put on an invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, the breathing was stable, and the machine was successfully withdrawn the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatology department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both of which were premature babies at 29 weeks. Currently, they are actively treated in neonatology department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, women and children in the province have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. Poor handling of this situation may threaten the life safety of mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital immediately if they have abdominal pain, broken water, red and other phenomena.
In case of giving birth at home or on the road, the lying-in woman should lie down as far as possible. Blankets can be placed under her buttocks to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should keep warm immediately after delivery and be sent to the nearest doctor as soon as possible.
Yuexin Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of the first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair joint venture in Vietnam.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company ’ s joint venture partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is also the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of extensive experience with ST Engineering will help the joint venture to provide world-class maintenance and repair services and contribute to the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam to join the huge potential aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market.
At the same time, we welcome a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
So as to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries in the world - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27-A few days ago, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property Operations released the White Paper on Global Manufacturing Innovation Index in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries in the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrade. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing sector, thoroughly discussed the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing sector, continuously improved the high-quality application capability of intellectual property rights, and accelerated the construction of intelligent upgrading advantages in the manufacturing sector.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote the use of intellectual property rights.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration Bureau released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation and Development in Patent Navigation Anhui Province". According to the calculation results of the patent navigation regional innovation and high-quality development index, the 2018 patent navigation regional innovation and high-quality development index of Anhui Province ranked eighth among the 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in the country, and the innovation factor agglomeration index ranked fourth
This forum is hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration Bureau, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property Operations and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
The 2019 China Open Championship was unveiled today. A number of Olympic champions attended the opening ceremony.
A number of Olympic champions will attend the opening ceremony. The audience will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the Junior Chorus.
The 2019 China Open will officially start shooting at the National Tennis Center today. The Organizing Committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony before the first match in the evening. A number of Olympic champions and sports celebrities will gather at the Diamond Court. Guests and spectators attending the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Motherland" together with the children of the Junior Chorus.
In the next nine days, including the Eleventh Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans on holidays.
Since its establishment in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn years. This year is the 16th time it has been held.
The total prize amount for this year's China Open competition also reached a record high, reaching US $11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize money for the women's crown match is US $7.64 million. Compared with the two crown matches of Indian Wells and Miami, the last two women's singles matches are 96 votes, while the middle net matches are 60 votes. Therefore, for the players, the middle net competition is more "cost-effective".
The total prize money for the men's ATP 500 was a record high, rising from US $3.4 million last year to US $3.52 million. The number of prizes continued to lead the ATP 500, while the total prize money for the ATP 500 Tokyo Station held in the same week was about US $2 million.
There will be a brief and grand opening ceremony before the first match scheduled at the Central Stadium tonight.
In addition to leaders and some players attending tonight's opening ceremony, there will also be 10 outstanding players from various fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world championship winners.
The opening match of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round event, with China's Jinhua Peng Shuai against Russia's Kasatkina. The next second match was for American rookie Sofia Kenning to challenge the 2015 China Open women's singles champion Muguruza, thus opening the curtain of the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British "Metro" news, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzie are engaged.
It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire who is mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She ranks fifth in the order of heirs to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi are engaged."
The British side said the two got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
'We are very happy to share the news of the engagement with you, 'the two said in a statement.
We are excited to be able to embark on the journey of life together, and we can't wait to get married.
We share many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Three points on a free throw?
On the 27th, Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial of a new free throw rule. Each free throw will be shot only once, and the score will be determined by the foul situation.
O'Neill has a low free throw percentage among NBA stars.
The new rules stipulate that two-point shooting fouls get two points, three points for three-point shooting fouls, and one point for fouls.
In the last two minutes of regular time and overtime, the previous free throw rules are followed.
Although this rule will only be tried out in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on the current players if the rule is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people think that the new rules may be beneficial to "bearded" Harden, while James, who is not so good at free throws, will "suffer".
Wuhan will give a subsidy of up to 20 million yuan to promote the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises.
Reporters learned from a series of city conferences held by the Information Office of the Wuhan Municipal Government on the 27th that since the beginning of this year, the city has accelerated the transformation of industrial intelligence and implemented a transformation subsidy of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises above designated size has been collected.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of the Wuhan Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology, said that starting from this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consultation and diagnostic services for industrial enterprises above designated size and proposing solutions, and comprehensively promoting a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan will publicly select a number of specialized diagnostic service organizations every year to carry out an intelligent transformation demand survey for all industrial enterprises above designated size in the city by setting up special columns, questionnaires and on-site reporting.
Up to now, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 regulated industrial enterprises has been collected, accounting for nearly one-third of the city's industrial enterprises above designated size.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to settle in enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site evaluation and scheme demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that at present, the city is organizing the implementation of 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan, Hongxin Communications Huazhong ’ s first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola ’ s national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, Aerospace Science and Industry ’ s first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Biology ’ s world leading new veterinary drug intelligent production line, Obang smart home Internet of Things intelligent production line and other industry leading intelligent workshops and intelligent factories have been launched one after another.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment shall be completed according to their actual conditions. Including equipment and hardware investment, R & D soft investment, 8%, up to 20 million yuan of transformation subsidy.
At the same time, we will actively unite with financial institutions such as the Bank of Communications and the Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank to provide personalized financial services for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, so as to vigorously ease the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau "collapsed", can he still be re-elected?
The "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out of this time was dug up by Trudeau himself.
Recently, Canadian media have successively revealed a number of old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau dressed himself as a black image.
This was considered an apparent act of racial discrimination and immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, Canadians do not buy much.
Trudeau hit himself in the foot with a rock.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been high-profile accusing the opposition party or dissidents within the party of "big losses" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately".
Simply put, the "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out of this time was dug up by Trudeau himself.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first started his career, there was a whirlwind of "political idol".
Originally a "political vegetarian", after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the Canadian federal legislative election in 2015 — the Federal Liberal Party won more than half of the seats in the Federal House of Commons and won the valuable right to form a separate cabinet.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many enlightening platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "ecological environmental protection" and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "unhealthy practices".
However, over the past five years in power, he has been anticlimactic in almost all the above-mentioned aspects, "high and low".
Take the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality" as an example. Apart from the "blackface" incident, he had previously "paid lip service" on a series of Aboriginal issues, causing Aboriginal groups and leaders to move the protest tent to the gate of Parliament Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In the fight against corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the "Lan Wanling incident".
It was revealed that he put pressure on the departments and officials responsible for investigating and dealing with the major violations and malpractices of the construction and engineering company "Lan Wanling" in his hometown, asking the latter to "raise their hands".
Moreover, Trudeau became angry with the official who disclosed the corruption case after the incident became serious. Wang Zhou Di, mentioned above, was the then Canadian Attorney General who was the first to disclose the corruption case and directly handled the case.
Although there are still doubts in the case itself, its suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly caused by his own "digging a pit", and the biggest "pit" was "anticlimactic", "self-suffering" and "lenient than self-discipline and stricter than the law".
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll data show that since 2015, the number of respondents supporting Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although the performance of other opposition parties and their party leaders is equally poor, even a considerable number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are now dissatisfied with the establishment of the Federal Prime Minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the play that won a big victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and the development integration of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, it has far-reaching influence and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened to traffic.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already in a state of oversaturation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capability.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China with two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more detailed services based on the differentiated positioning of serving different domestic and international aviation services.
From the perspective of business development, the navigation of Daxing Airport is more beneficial to the Capital Airport.
In 2018, the passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million, ranking first in the country. However, compared with the fast-growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity gap, especially the demand for international routes.
In order to better serve the travel and travel needs of domestic and foreign passengers, and adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing's increasingly open and in line with international standards, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport. It is planned to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and 4 million tons of cargo and mail throughput in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and there is sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the perspective of economic accounts, the navigation of Daxing International Airport will obviously form a win-win effect, ease the tight situation of Beijing's aviation capacity, speed up the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of capital aviation.
From the user's point of view, with the navigation of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to focus on travel at the capital airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems brought about by the over-concentration of routes. For example, the longer crossing guarantee time, the slower boarding speed of passengers, indirectly increase the detention time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, aggravate the burden of airport operation, and reduce the burden of shipping through the capital airport. In fact, it also improves the travel experience of passengers.
According to the media's calculation of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, such as starting from the South Fifth Ring Road and taking the Beijing-Kai Expressway directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway, it will take 50 minutes to drive, the oil money will go back and forth to about 40 yuan, and the high-speed fee will be 15 yuan; while choosing the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line, the distance is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Jingxiong intercity, and it only takes more than 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
On the whole, there are a variety of transport options for citizens to go to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a more reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development, Daxing Airport is positioned as the transportation hub of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, so it is a little far away from Beijing. However, it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates more people to travel, and is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers in Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, which can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line directly from Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are also a number of expressways connecting Daxing Airport and the surrounding areas.
Just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport through expressways such as Guangfo and Guangshen, residents of Langfang and xiong'an new area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient aviation services.
From this, we can see that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has not only added a few runways and a few aircraft. Whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and the integration of the development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance. It is not only related to the long-term layout and development of the Beijing shipping industry, provide diversified choices for the travel of the vast number of residents in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, promote the further improvement of the service quality of the Beijing shipping industry, but also conducive to promoting the integrated development process of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and promote the economic and trade development of the surrounding areas of Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we have to calculate not only the small account of the individual, but also the large account of the overall development.
On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46% - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index opened high and closed at 6,077.23 points, up 87.55 points or 1.46% from the previous trading day.
On that day, the turnover of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the small and medium-sized board on the same day, 668 stocks closed up, while 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative rose. 222 stocks closed down, while 4 stocks such as Shunwei shares fell. Weixing shares and other 40 stocks closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum held in Chengtian Hue Province
Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the Vietnamese Parliament, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain a growth trend.
The forum focused on the prominent economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants had an in-depth exchange of views and views on four topics, including the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some prominent issues in the Vietnamese economy in 2019, prominent issues in the social culture of Vietnam in 2019, and forecasts and suggestions on the economic and social development of Vietnam in 2020.
Delegates generally believed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
Trade frictions among major economies have led to a further contraction in global trade and
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) determined that although the global economy is full of uncertainty, with 70% of the world's economies falling into a state of growth stagnation, Vietnam's economic development has still made many gratifying achievements. The macroeconomic operation is stable and inflation is effectively controlled. In the first half of 2019, the consumer price index of residents increased by an average of 2.64%, the lowest increase in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019. Although it was lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, the growth rate was still relatively high compared with the same period in 2011-2017.
When making a forecast of Vietnam's economic development trend from 2019 to 2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that under the background of world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a relatively high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will continue to remain basically stable. The implementation of various free trade agreements will boost trade development. The economic restructuring and the improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade frictions, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, actively look for trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, look for opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate should be kept at a reasonable level, so as to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and eco-agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese plans to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world's second largest economy, China has contributed more than 30% to world economic growth. In particular, China's "Belt and Road" initiative has deepened cooperation between various local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and the provinces in the territorial region.
He said: this year is the opening year of the 61 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have a brotherly friendship, and mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force for local economic and social development.
Siem Reap Governor Di Saiha highly praised the great achievements made by New China over the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation.
Diseha hopes that the two sides will continue to work together to promote Sino-Cambodian friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve the people's living standards.
Diseha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and various provinces and cities in China have attracted attention. So far, friendly city relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large-scale cultural and performing arts projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, special training courses for Siem Reap provincial government officials, scholarships for Siem Reap students to study in China, rural free clinic, renovation of urban roads, cataract restoration public welfare project "Guangming" and other cooperation have been fruitful. In the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
Ken Wensong, State Secretary of the Ministry of Defense of Cambodia, Weng Heng, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, the governors of the five prefectures, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian-China Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representatives of Chinese-funded enterprises and representatives of foreign leaders in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the Ten Years of Digital China "Yun Qi" in Yunqi Town - Xinhuanet
If the 2009 local website forum is taken as the origin, the 2019 Cloud Habitat Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has gone through a full decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "going to the cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in the past 10 years.
At the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" with Aliyun artificial intelligence was recently added to the quality inspector.
It is 24 hours a day, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the quality inspection accuracy is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with the camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective battery chips.
This enterprise is only a microcosm of the transformation of today's cloud computing industry.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprise Cloud Access (2018-2020)", proposing that by 2020, enterprises should strive to achieve a significant increase in cloud awareness and enthusiasm, and a significant increase in cloud access ratio and application depth.
Wang Jian, founder of Aliyun, said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy with data as a key element.
At the same time, over the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has also been expanding.
According to the White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019) released by the China Information and Communications Research Institute in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Cloud Habitat Conference, the "urban brain", which has been unveiled for three consecutive years, still attracts attention.
Aliyun said that at present, the urban brain has become an urban management center from a means of transportation management, and relevant cooperative applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithm, the urban brain can realize new urban management service functions such as "parking before paying", "real-time perception of the number of patients" and "travel route design" through powerful computing power.
In the field of government services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing" and promote "palm office" and "palm office". Cloud computing brings convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, through the government cloud, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform throughout the province.
As of September 11, the platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal units in the province, collecting 3066 categories of 19.08 billion data.
The average monthly call and sharing of data among government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times. Every additional call and flow of data on the 'cloud' may mean that the masses do less errands.
Use plastic tea bags to make tea with caution!
According to the "Central News Agency" report, recently, a new Canadian study found that a bag of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the amount of microplastics a person estimates to ingest throughout the year. However, so far, there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles will pose a threat to human beings.
According to reports, researchers at Magill University in Canada found that dipping plastic tea bags into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius) will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanoplastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles each year and inhales the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. Researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal shops and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for 5 minutes, and then analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several series higher than the previous plastic load of other foods".
According to the report, most tea bags are made of natural fiber, but many tea bag brands made of natural fiber still use plastic to seal their mouths.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper and use plastic instead. These plastic tea bags are the subjects tested by the researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. Researchers define that these microplastics are between 100 nanometers and 5 mm in size and are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and the deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers first found plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world.
In order to test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics could affect the behavior of these water fleas and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), so far there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO points out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact they have on humans.
Researchers speculate that the reason why these tea bags release a large amount of plastic particles may be that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when the "edible grade" plastic is heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, it may decompose or ooze toxic substances.
Guterres said the climate emergency was the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster can erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the disasters in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes so far this year.
About a quarter of people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 metres or less.
Relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life, and even give rise to issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island States worked together to achieve carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030. As a result, they once again led the world in the right direction.
"The climate crisis is piling new injustices on old ones," Guterres said.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are still trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act and it is time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today ’ s high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urge international agencies to help small island developing States, particularly heavily indebted middle-income countries, access funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the planet ’ s lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report released by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week confirms that the oceans have suffered the "sweeping" severe consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, some extreme sea level rise, which would have occurred only once a century, may occur in many areas every year.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
Over the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold over the past 40 years.
Demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs for transport, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also working to address the security implications of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's Ministry of Finance says the financial system is sufficiently liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitharaman said on the 26th that the current financial system is fully liquid. Driven by holiday consumption demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitharaman made the above statement after a meeting with representatives of Indian private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Sitharaman did not specify the pertinence of these remarks.
Previously, some Indian media and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown of India's economy on the tight liquidity of non-bank financial institutions.
Citing the decline in auto sales as an example, Sitharaman denied that tight liquidity was the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitharaman pointed out that the decline in auto sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitharaman predicts that India's economic growth may resume in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumption.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Education Department recently issued a notice prohibiting primary and secondary schools in the province from making up missed lessons in violation of regulations during the National Day holiday, and organizing personnel to conduct random investigations and unannounced visits.
In the "Notice on Prohibiting Illegal Make-up Lessons during the National Day Holiday" issued below, the Jiangxi Provincial Education Department stressed that primary and secondary schools in all localities should resolutely do so during the National Day: they should not organize students to make up lessons collectively or take new lessons, they should not hold subject training courses, special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., and they should not rent campuses and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold all kinds of training courses.
At the same time, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to participate in illegal remedial classes inside and outside the school. In-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in out-of-school training institutions or illegal remedial classes organized by other teachers, parents and parents' committees. In-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from introducing students and providing relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The circular makes it clear that for the verified illegal remedial behavior of primary and secondary schools, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction of points in the high-quality development education assessment of the county-level government in that year. Teachers who participate in illegal remedial classes will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the relevant provisions of teachers' ethics.
Supporting pig production and ensuring market supply
Sui loyalty requires the implementation of various measures from six aspects.
The province-wide video teleconference on promoting the supply of live pig production guarantee market was held today to mobilize and redeploy the implementation of the policies and measures of the Central Committee, the Provincial Party Committee and the Provincial Government on supporting the supply of live pig production
Sui Loyalty requires the implementation of various measures for pig production from six aspects.
Do a good job in the implementation of the "vegetable basket" mayor responsibility system. This year, the province's specific task of 45 million live pigs has been broken down into cities and states and included in the responsibility system assessment.
Do a good job in the implementation of various policies and measures, and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of policy implementation.
We should do a good job in the implementation of the production of sows capable of breeding, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for sows capable of breeding, encourage pig enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select and retain excellent sows from commercial pig groups.
We should do a good job in the implementation of attracting investment, and take the well-known large-scale domestic aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
Do a good job in the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "pig adjustment" to "meat adjustment".
To do a good job in the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the scale of aquaculture and work tasks, and build up the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control
Sui Loyalty demanded that all efforts be made to ensure the supply of meat products in the market, to ensure that there will be no large-scale shortage and large-scale supply cuts, and to ensure a stable supply of pork in the market during major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the prevention and control of the African swine fever epidemic, the ban on fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River Basin in our province, and the acquisition of middle and late rice throughout the province.
Talking about the feelings of the motherland, the national soul, the big white rabbit and other representatives of Shanghai time-honored brands take party classes for college students
"Me and My Motherland" campus punch point to make college students "happy".
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, four famous Shanghai time-honored brands, namely, Shanghai Soap Making, Shao Wansheng, Big White Rabbit and Xianlai, gathered in the "Art Party Class" of East China University of Technology on the 27th. Four representatives of Shanghai time-honored brands with an average history of more than 90 years, told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the time-honored brands.
On-site product exhibition of time-honored brands.
The emotional narration in the classroom made the students sigh unexpectedly. Outside the classroom, the product exhibition of time-honored brands was carefully arranged, and the "Me and My Motherland" campus clock-in point made the college students "happy".
White Rabbit Lipstick, White Rabbit Ice Cream … As a time-honored brand, White Rabbit Candy has been actively seeking changes in recent years, taking the initiative to attack, insisting on innovation and cross-border.
The White Rabbit, which was born in 1959, happens to celebrate its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, Party branch secretary and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in full spring, eating bad fish in hot summer, eating drunk shrimp in bleak autumn wind, and tasting drunk crabs in winter clouds", which reflects people's continuous innovation in "eating".
The company also further excavates the brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation and cartoon packaging design, so as to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
Representatives of time-honored brands talked about the road of innovation at the "Art Party Class".
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Xiandelai Rib Rice Cake Catering Co., Ltd., also believes that "all innovations cannot be separated from a solid foundation. Every innovation of time-honored brands is a process of accumulation and thin development.
Everyone's heart hides the expectation of the time-honored brand.
With product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first batch of "Chinese time-honored brands" in China, Shanghai has also quickly adapted to the market trend, carried out VI visual upgrading of the brand, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
"Time-honored brands can be seen not only in supermarkets and other traditional channels, but now time-honored brands will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
In the end, all our changes have to achieve the goal that consumers can see, hear, and finally be able to buy. "
said Ouyang Yiling, Deputy General Manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and satisfactory users, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students gained a lot.
The time-honored brand accompanied my growth and carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Song Yuanyuan sighed.
Representatives of Shanghai Time-honored Brand told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the time-honored brand.
Zhou Yiting said that how to excavate brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture pass on from generation to generation is a problem that we, as design students, need to think and explore.
This party class is based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Arts of East China University of Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Time-honored Brand Integrated Brand Innovation Studio". It hopes to deeply tap the cultural potential and modern commercial value of time-honored brands, make full use of the competitiveness and influence of time-honored brands in Shanghai, enhance the cultural radiation cohesion of time-honored brands in Shanghai, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "design + culture", and show Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It has been learned that the "Art Party Class" will also continue to invite people of literature and history, painting masters, pottery masters, non-heritage masters, architectural masters and garden landscape masters as lecturers, through them to talk about the innovation and perseverance of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, speak with works, let the works speak, innovate the form of party classes, do theme party classes that students love, enhance the ideological, theoretical and affinity and pertinence of party classes, enhance the appeal of party classes, and cultivate new people of the times who can take on the great responsibility of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to wish the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China. He also said a sentence in Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I'm Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend warm congratulations on behalf of the Government and people of Japan.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China cooperated for the success of the Summit and declared the firm will of the G-20 to the world through the Declaration of the G-20 Leaders Osaka Summit.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit talks and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Japan next spring. At the same time, they unanimously resolved to open up a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China jointly shoulder great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to deal with the problems facing the region and the world and make contributions to the international community, which will be beneficial to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourishing and I wish my friends a prosperous career.
"It is estimated that over-age migrant workers on some construction sites account for more than half.
Where do we find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the construction site. "
Recently, with regard to the phenomenon of many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site, Zou Kui, who has been working as an engineering contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented.
Recently, the author's colleges and universities have carried out rain and sewage diversion projects. There are many migrant workers on campus. If you pay attention, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers who go out to work are not "idle", but because they "cannot be idle" and have the helplessness and hardships of "having to do so" — whether it is saving money to solve their old-age and medical problems, or helping their children, these old people who should have been "idle" continue to work hard.
The "old age" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we thought.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to study, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to start families and businesses, and raising grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed the "life task", their money bags have been emptied and even have a lot of debts. Most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "doing it until they can't do it".
Many "post-80s", "post-90s" and even "post-00s" new generation of migrant workers are unwilling to engage in the secondary industry or low-end service industry with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "labor shortage". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills and the decline of physical function and labor ability, many over-age migrant workers are engaged in jobs with high intensity, low income, high risk and low security.
A capable day is a day, and earning a little more is a little. The survival predicament of over-age migrant workers behind "can't be idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problems of wage arrears and wage collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income, and improve the living conditions of over-age migrant workers, in addition to their "self-redemption", it is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars have pointed out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their old-age and medical problems. They must support their families through other means.
Understanding the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers "cannot be idle" will help us better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and trying every means to make them return to the countryside truly realize "a sense of security for the elderly" requires the public sector, the market and society to share the responsibility in the benign interaction, and requires the joint efforts of many parties.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export the system in the next five years because "it will first supply its own army and then export production".
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their own defence requirements before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Glykhov, deputy commander-in-chief of the Russian Air Force, said that the development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" Air-Sky Defense Kang Caien.
This is a new generation of air defense systems, using the working principles used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main function of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3,500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some information, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles more than five times the speed of sound, and even targets located in near space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defense systems, in particular the S-400 system, which is very important from a national defense perspective.
Sergei Chemezov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic air defense regiment.
According to the news of September 15, the retrofitting of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Arctic Air Defense Regiment of Xindi Island has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the North.
The Russian Northern Fleet News Service said: "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic region has increased significantly."
It is very important that, according to military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the Far North and Arctic regions.
The officers and men of the air defense regiment have been trained for the new system and are ready to enter the combat duty.
Previously, the S-300 long-range air defense system was equipped there, but some of it is still retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed at outer altitude or "missing the net" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system developed by "Golden Diamond-Antai" Air-Sky Defense Kang Cain is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 km per second within a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the safety of the airspace of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor-M2DT" anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic region. They are sufficient to form an anti-aircraft battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic region.
At that time, the Russian Ministry of Defense said that the Arctic "Thor" forces would be expanded to a complete brigade-level establishment in the future.
Coupled with the newly deployed S-400 long-range system on Xindi Island and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles will struggle to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and long process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of Russian goods stores, Ruspinto is focused on selling Russian goods in China.
Russia has online stores on China ’ s largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, and Wechat, a multi-function instant messaging software, and has its own online platform, Epindu
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products enterprises.
The store plans to open by the end of this year and put on shelves products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platforms is as high as 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, exceeding US $1 billion in 2018
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and sales of 500 million rubles are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard Chinese goods as high-quality and green products. "
Kozevnikov said that competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
"We have an ambitious target of launching 500 businesses through this store within three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also be on the shelves of the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the Basic Teaching and Research Department of Trade Policy at Russia's Plekhanov University of Economics.
"I don't see a lot of highly competitive Russian goods on the market."
He believes that the project will probably not really be implemented, but it will help strengthen the relations between the two countries.
According to the Russian news agency, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased both in China and in other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, that is, a training program for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also serve as the organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also become the center for holding commercial project activities, agreement signing ceremony, promotion meeting and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The press service of the Russian export center said: "In addition to the agricultural booth, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contact between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts to support enterprises and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the Expo will also hold master classes, cooking competitions and Russian food tasting sessions cooked by famous Russian chefs under the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Cuisine" project.
The police took the next step after waiting for the full report and the instructions of the Attorney General's Office after the Mohamad Adi Coroner's Court ruled that the cause of death was not accidental on Friday.
According to the ruling of the coroner ’ s court, the police will await the most further instructions from the Attorney General ’ s Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police have never terminated the investigation into the Mohamad murder, and the investigation is still in progress.
On the other hand, Xuezhou Chief Sheriff Noah Zhan said that the police would wait for the full report of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the deputy chief of police in Xuezhou on Friday morning.
He said the police investigated the case on the basis of relevant reports.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to re-summon the person who had previously given a statement.
Reporters learned from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Landscaping that in order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken Chang 'an Avenue and its route as the main axis to comprehensively upgrade the landscaping landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang 'an Avenue have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers beautify the capital and dress up to welcome the National Day.
Over the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower beds along Chang 'an Avenue have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take photos.
These flower beds have distinct themes. From the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, they bring together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and show the happy life of the people.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Landscape and Greening Bureau said that this year's greening environment layout made full use of its own innovative achievements and integrated new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
There are more than 230 varieties of flower beds, including 16 self-cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 local plants.
Three chrysanthemum varieties, "Cold Dew Jing Hui", "Xuanqiu Candy" and "Xuanqiu Colorful", which were independently bred
In order to celebrate the National Day, Beijing has also recently carried out a comprehensive renovation of the city's landscaped landscape environment, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flower shrubs and 2.3 million square meters of grass roots flowers.
At the same time, 200 theme flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's ring road, the extension line of Chang 'an Avenue, the Xiangshan Memorial Site, the periphery of the new airport and the periphery of important tourist attractions. The amount of flowers planted on the ground has reached 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 style flower pile sketches, 5,000 combination containers and 15,000 flower boxes have been placed, thus comprehensively upgrading the capital's green landscape.
China publishes "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (Reporter Xu Xiaolei and Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th UN General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations-China Position Paper of the 74th UN General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "China's Progress Report on Implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" and "Report on Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals".
"China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th UN General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress.
It is pointed out that the promotion of building a community of human destiny proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become the banner of the diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thinking, China has participated in international affairs with a more active and promising attitude, made greater contributions to world peace and development, and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of peace, development and human rights of the United Nations from 10 aspects.
Reaffirm that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world at the same frequency, and the two promote each other; and stress that in the face of the great changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, a growing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine major areas of action of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, and introduces China's policy propositions on international cooperation to combat climate change and the achievements of China's measures to combat climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards dealing with climate change as the inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and the responsibility of building a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome the many difficulties and challenges facing its own development, firmly safeguard multilateralism, implement international commitments, and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019) is China's second progress report after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combs China's measures, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The cases included in the report, such as precise poverty eradication, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and joint construction of "the belt and road initiative", will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 Agenda.
The "Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals Report" shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making. It reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the Sustainable Development Goals. It provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macao Institute of Technology Alumni Association-Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Exhibition will be solemnly opened at 6 pm on September 29, 2019 at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Institute of Technology.
People from all walks of life are welcome to come and guide.
Famous designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Comprehensive Design Department of the Macao Institute of Technology. Later, they co-founded the design company in 2013. After five years of hard work, the company has achieved outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally. The design business is spread all over the world, spanning more than 10 countries and 25 cities. They have successfully pushed the team design to the international level and are well-known.
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Alumni Association, they will display their ingenious design works and share their experience in starting a business.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design and development of Macao.
The exhibition will be held from September 29 to October 10, 2019. It will be open from 9 am to 11 pm. It will be open as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 859 93119.
Lao collectives and individuals were awarded the Vietnam National Medal and Badge
According to the decision on awarding the Medal of Independence issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21, Vietnam awarded the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly, the National Assembly Secretariat and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special unity relationship between the two parliaments and various organs of the National Assembly.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued a decision on awarding the Order of Friendship and the Friendship Badge.
In accordance with the decision, the Vietnamese State decided to award 21 Friendship Medals and 17 Friendship Badges to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly and the National Assembly Secretariat, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the two national parliaments and various organs of the National Assembly.
In her speech at the honours ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups was formed from a long history. The good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relationship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was personally created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fung Weihan and carefully nurtured by the leaders and people of the two parties and the two countries. It has become a priceless treasure of the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that in the face of the complex and changeable world situation, the older the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation continue to be consolidated and developed and become more and more in-depth and pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that the awarding of the Vietnamese Party and national medals and badges to the collective and former senior leading cadres of the Lao National Assembly is the recognition of the great contribution of the Vietnamese Party, the country and the people to all comrades. She hoped that all comrades would continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation of the elderly.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that the Vietnamese Party and country will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao Party and country, inherit and give full play to the results of cooperation achieved by the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the development of the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have been awarded the Independence Medal, Friendship Medal and Friendship Badge have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese State for awarding them the honorary award and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes in the United States have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency", on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people had died of e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, and there were 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking
According to reports, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported these figures and said that specific substances that cause related diseases have not yet been identified.
However, most patients reported that they had used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main compound in cannabis that affects mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, sales of e-cigarettes have been banned in India and Massachusetts, while flavored e-cigarettes have been banned in New York and Michigan.
According to the report, the Trump administration plans to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products other than tobacco from October.
When will the next bus come?
"internet plus Smart Station" gives you a good idea.
On the 27th, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation and Gaud Map announced to the public that the first batch of "internet plus Intelligent Station" in the country will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 electronic bus screens will be lit up in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade the information service level of Nanjing and improve the efficiency of bus service and the travel happiness of ordinary people.
In the past, the anxiety scene of waiting for the bus was staged at the bus stop almost every day.
The bus operation time is difficult to predict, and the bus road conditions and vehicle locations along the route are difficult to know. The problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently. Especially in some large cities, the commuting journey is long, and the traffic conditions are complicated during the morning and evening commuting peak hours. As a result, the bus punctuality rate has always been difficult to guarantee.
To this end, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation joined hands with Gaude Map to deeply explore the new direction of "Internet + Transportation" convenient service, and launched the first batch of "Internet + Intelligent Station" intelligent service projects in the country.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + smart stop boards" in the country landed in Nanjing, combining Gaude big data and Gaude's vehicle expected travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on bus electronic stop boards and mobile Internet and traffic big data upgrades to realize the ability of "bus intelligent stop board + electronic map" to publish bus routes, bus expected arrival time and so on.
Through the "Internet + Intelligent Station Board", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the expected arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops from the current station, but also intuitively grasp the bus road conditions along the way through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus routes passing through the station can be clear at a glance.
Thanks to the warm-hearted launch of the technology of "internet plus Smart Station", Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "inquiring about the bus location before going out, mastering the arrival time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the arrival time when taking the bus
According to the real-time bus information of "internet plus Smart Station", choose the most suitable travel route. At the same time, it can also make psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, thus making travel more convenient and leisurely
More than 30 exquisite cultural relics of the Summer Palace were unveiled for the first time - Xinhuanet
Reporters learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Administration that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were on display, of which more than 30 were exhibited to the public for the first time, showing the rich collection of palace cultural relics and the connotation of traditional longevity culture of the Summer Palace.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Jijin, Fu Shu Shouqi, Qi Gong Ji Yi and Fu Cai Zeng Hua. The exhibition will show the audience cultural relics of jade bronze, ancient calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous items, porcelain enamel and other categories. The shape and pattern of the exhibits all embody the theme of "Fu Shou".
Kui Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration, said that this cultural relics exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, a large number of cultural relics, and a large age span.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics participating in the exhibition are national first-class cultural relics and second-class cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Guangxu period of the Qing Dynasty
The Shang Dynasty Zhenggui on display is more than 3,000 years ago. It is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic on display. The sapphire sleeping cow has a huge volume and weighs nearly 80 kg. It is carved from a whole piece of sapphire. It is well preserved and very rare. Stone figures, pavilions, wooden clocks, Nanzhai Collection Painting Book and Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy are also the first exquisite cultural relics to be exhibited to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Administration, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of making cultural relics "live", relies on the garden-making idea of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and takes the cultural relics with the theme of "longevity" in the garden as the carrier, so that tourists can understand the profound longevity culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, carry forward and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and convey good wishes for blessing and celebration.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Times Review: Unswervingly Take Our Own Way
The White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" released on the 27th gave an answer: Over the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
China's development path suitable for itself is the choice of history and the choice of the people.
Since modern times, in the environment of poverty and weakness, internal and external problems, generations of people with lofty ideals have been searching for the road of saving the nation and the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been thought about and tried, and the results will not work."
It was not until there was the Communist Party of China and a new China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road that China has embarked on is the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, the road to the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and other countries in the world.
It is precisely because it is on the right path that China can do its own thing well, become the world's second largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and continue to benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times. It will show more and more bright development prospects as the times advance.
Looking back on the past, the Chinese people know very well how difficult it is to find the right path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this right path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of the south orange and the north orange, and understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves, only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this kind of road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "theory of the end of history" was once famous.
Today, the success of the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics has declared the end of the "theory of the end of history", the collapse of the "theory of Chinese collapse" and the failure of the "theory of socialist failure".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries in achieving a prosperous country and a strong people, expanded the ways for developing countries to move towards modernization, and provided experience and reference for those countries and nations in the world who wish to accelerate development and maintain their independence to take a path that conforms to their national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suitable for their own national conditions.
China will not "import" the foreign model, nor will it "export" the Chinese model. Instead, it will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen governance exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
A Foodworks supermarket boss has been slammed as "shameful" after the Fair Work Commission found that he sacked a 66-year-old female worker via text message because he preferred to hire staff from an Asian background.
The council said Ms Gail Ayton's boss, Jianbin Wang, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated staff in a way that was "grossly unfair" and may have breached anti-discrimination laws.
Ms Ayton told the committee that Mr Wang took over the store in 2016 and that he had always "wanted to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, the Vice Chairman of the Commission, Peter Sams, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements published by Mr Wang at various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past".
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
A third post said he was' more inclined to overseas people (sic) '.
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton via text message in April this year, later saying it was due to her absenteeism and an alleged small amount of cash missing from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
But Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang's reasons for dismissing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
Over the past three years, she has only been absent from work for one shift, and the "missing amount" totaled a few Australian dollars.
He said Ms Ayton's dismissal had "virtually nothing to do with her conduct or performance."
He said: "In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement published by Mr. Wang, the real motive for the defense to dismiss her is that he prefers to hire staff with Asian background.
According to Section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang ’ s actions ostensibly constitute a violation of the Anti-Discrimination Act and / or the dismissal of the applicant is unlawful. ”
Mr Sams said it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating Ms Ayton in light of Mr Wang's "appalling" treatment.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, a temporary worker with an hourly wage of A $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said he would submit his ruling and documents to the head of the commission to consider whether Mr. Wang ’ s actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal law.
He said Mr Wang did not give Ms Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I believe that the defender has adopted an irredeemably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang is" waiting "for this opportunity, which he believes will 'justify' the termination of the employment of the applicant."
"He was wrong... The defender completely ignored any natural and just treatment given to her when he dismissed the applicant. It was shocking that he was rude and extremely unfair."
Mr. Sams said that while Foodworks is a small business, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer will dismiss an employee in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner recognized in this case."
"This is shameful and extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway takes on 175 passenger trains during the National Day Golden Week - Chinanews.com
Guangzhou, Sept. 27 / prnewswire-asianet / -- this reporter learned from the Guangzhou Railway Group on the 27th that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou Railway Group will open more popular direction trains one after another. During the holiday period, the total number of additional passenger trains per day will reach 175, comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak period of passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Railway Station has optimized and renovated the three-storey security check channels, adding 12 new security check channels. After the new renovation, the three-storey waiting room has a total of 44 security check channels. In addition, in order to smooth the flow line of passengers entering the station, Guangzhou South Railway Station has added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, totaling 71.
In order to alleviate the detention and congestion of vehicles on the South and North Road of the South Railway Station, Guangzhou South Railway Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 parking spaces to ease the pressure of poor traffic around the South Railway Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, when passenger flow reaches peak hours, the A2 exit of Shenzhen North Station will connect with the subway and set up an inspection-free channel to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during peak hours.
In addition, the East and West Plaza will normally set up a U-color love express channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, Guangjiu Passenger Transport Section will carry out full-staff business training to ensure that all crew members will learn and master business knowledge, improve service quality, ensure that train crew members will take on every trip with good mental outlook and more professional standard business quality, and provide better service to passengers.
Six people denied that they were involved in the sale of fake Damaka raw paper. The case was submitted to the High Court for trial.
Six men suspected of forging and selling Chinese passports, birth papers and identity cards, including an Assistant Director of the National Name Registration Bureau and a Datuk-level businessman, passed the case on Thursday. The District Court judge approved the charges of anti-trafficking in human beings and anti-trafficking in immigrants and transferred them to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Datuk Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, who is also a member of the Sunset Cave District Congress, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he no longer became the representative lawyer of the defendant and was approved in court.
He said that he had attracted criticism from political opponents because he represented the defendant, and his Action Party was also implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to stigmatize the Action Party and the Greek League government or other Greek League leaders. Therefore, this decision was made after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Congress, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any defendant. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. Faced with a number of charges under section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Immigration Act and section 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), they all denied guilt and were not granted bail pending trial by the court.
On Thursday, two District Judge Nosaha and Mazlan approved the prosecution's application to transfer the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration order charges related to the six defendants to the High Court for trial. The charges of forgery of documents will appear in the District Court on October 3, pending the transfer of documents by the prosecution to the defense.
The first six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the Motherland — — A sketch of a certain team of the Armed Police Force
In the golden autumn, on the military parade training ground, a certain unit of the armed police force composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters was busy training.
Shiny gun thorns, unique olive green and bright red epaulets together form a beautiful scenery.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this square team and felt the determination of the officers and men of the armed police to be loyal guards of the Party and the people forever, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "the supremacy of honor".
"Dream to shine on a brilliant life and write the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song "Walking with the Motherland" created by the officers and soldiers of the Fang team.
In the Fang team, this song is the motto of every player.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands particularly conspicuous in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former armed police flag guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
As a flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang has been training with high standards and strict requirements.
He tied a sandbag to practice setting, stuck a stopwatch to practice pace, blindfolded to practice stride, against the strong wind to practice stability.
In his "flag-raising career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
During a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the benchmark soldier.
The standard of action of benchmark soldiers and flag bearers is different.
Qi Xiaoguang said that although the marching frequency of flag bearers and benchmark soldiers is only more than 20 steps apart, more efforts have to be made in training.
The benchmark soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the neatness of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he repeatedly kicked his legs every day and developed some hard kicks.
In the demonstration, his precise stride and pace won applause from the officers and soldiers.
In the Fang team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of soldier Zhu Xudong participated in the military parade for the 50th anniversary of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but never discouraged.
He said: "It is the glory of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and be reviewed by the Party and the people. I am willing to suffer any hardship."
Entering the honor room of the Fang team, the eight characters "the elite teacher of maintaining stability in the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the Fang team, said that all the members of the Fang team came from the Beijing Armed Police Corps-this is a force with a glorious tradition. It has successively undertaken major tasks such as the founding ceremony, previous National Day celebrations, the security of the National Congress of the Party and the anti-terrorism and stability maintenance of the capital. It has cultivated a large number of British model collectives and individuals such as "National Flag Guardian" and "Patriotic Hero Squadron". More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
Reception of Foreign Experts to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China, Han Z
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
On behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng first expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years of reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has united and led the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country to overcome difficulties and work hard. It has successfully embarked on a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and ushered in a great leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core has promoted the overall layout of "Five in One" and the strategic layout of "Four in All" in a coordinated manner. It has promoted historic achievements and changes in the cause of the Party and the country. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China over the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups, as well as the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the cause of modernization with the Chinese people and have made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the victory of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and realizing the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy, and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will speed up the training of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause of open learning from the world, and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
China will adopt a more open and inclusive attitude, learn from the people of all countries in the world with an open mind, and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China for innovation and entrepreneurship. We welcome talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of human destiny and to the peaceful development of the world and the cause of human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by veteran foreign experts working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, responsible comrades of relevant departments of central and state organs and Beijing, with a total of about 1,800 people.
The main shaft of the deepest railway shaft in China is excavated to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27 (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was successfully excavated to the end on the 27th, with a well depth of 762.59 meters breaking the record for the deepest railway shaft in China.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Dairui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said: "After the successful excavation of the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel to the end, it will help promote the construction of the bottom well depot, open a number of working faces for the positive hole and flat guide of the later construction, and speed up the construction progress of the entire Gaoligongshan tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel adopts the drilling method, equipped with drilling derrick, drilling stabilizer, drilling winch, integral mobile metal formwork, FJD-6A umbrella drill, central rotary rock grasping machine and other large-scale specialized machinery, forming a mechanized assembly line such as mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system and so on, realizing the whole process of mechanized operation such as drilling, blasting, ballast, formwork installation, concrete pouring and so on, greatly speeding up the construction progress.
It is understood that the Darui Railway runs from Dali in the east and Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway channel.
Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, with a total length of 34.538 kilometers, is the first long tunnel in China's railway.
On-the-spot shooting of the TV series "Fox Hunting" reproduces the demeanor of front-line economic investigation police officers
The cross-border economic investigation drama "Fox Hunting" was recently filmed on the spot at Tianjin Airport. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Ou filmed important scenes such as escorting fugitive economic suspects to return to China. The filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
This time, the "Fox Hunting" crew filmed the key drama that can best show the law enforcement results of "Operation Fox Hunting" at the airport-the members of the Fox Hunting Action Team went after the fugitives, took off the plane, signed the arrest warrant, etc.
The crew filmed a number of sets of scenes such as the tarmac, customs border inspection, aircraft cabin and hatch, and reproduced the arduous course and professional demeanor of China's front-line economic investigation police officers and fox hunting heroes flying in many countries to arrest fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the main creative team of "Fox Hunting" carried out a lot of preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed every execution detail to ensure that the most real and direct visual effect was presented.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed in many places abroad.
Vietnam should grasp the opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the level of readiness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I think it is very meaningful.
On the whole, I think Vietnam's future is very bright under the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing a good job.
It is important that Vietnam know how to take advantage of the opportunities brought about by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also poses the threat of exacerbating social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is ready for a breakthrough in the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said that he was very happy to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements in the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty - the greatest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China had witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates had declined, nutrition had improved, the population with stunting had decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation had halved.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world.
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the United Nations regular and peacekeeping budgets, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "blue helmets" on missions in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation in building a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard and created unprecedented opportunities for development.
Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only the achievements of China, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, their brilliant achievements and their contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity. China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan Mountains or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people's construction of ecological civilization, including the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the "Belt and Road" initiative, and the story of the birth of a community of
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, green water and green mountains are golden hills and silver mountains.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in solving hot issues, and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the great changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, China actively maintains the international system with the United Nations as the core.
After 70 years, China is young, high-spirited and in its prime. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original heart.
Wang Yi meets Malawian Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella while attending the UN General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia 12 years ago, relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum. The heads of state of the two countries held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is willing to work with the Malaysian side to continue to implement the important consensus of the heads of state of the two countries and the results of the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum, so as to promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation with the Malaysian side in international affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect the booming supply and demand of tourism in China.
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming "Eleventh" Golden Week!
Big data from a number of tourism platforms show that the supply and demand of China's tourism consumption market are booming.
Ctrip's National Day tourism report predicts that according to the national day tourism statistics of previous years, it is estimated that the number of domestic tourists during this year's national day holiday will be close to 800 million. In addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities book group tours, free travel, customized tourism, local fun and other products through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Research Institute, a total of 726 million domestic tourists were received during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43 percent over the same
This year's National Day holiday not only will the number of tourists reach a new high, but consumption upgrading will also become the "main theme" of National Day holiday travel.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourists during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This was due to the fact that tourists generally chose products with better experience, such as high-scoring brand hotels, non-shopping tour groups, exquisite small groups, special car guides, and so on.
The booking data of Donkey Mother Travel Network show a similar trend. The "private group" with less than 10 people using comfortable models throughout the long-term in China is more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer "calm and slow travel" that emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
Flying pig data show that the number of tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier cities and below grew the fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more regions of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "Eleventh" Golden Week tourism.
Ctrip data show that orders for car rental and self-driving tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year. Short-distance self-driving tours to explore the surrounding niche routes continue to be popular. The number of applicants for private groups increased by 155% year-on-year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of the tourists during the National Day holiday are parent-child customers, 25% are lovers, and 23% are colleagues and friends.
In addition, judging from the age of tourists, the "post-80s" and "post-90s" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
What is worth paying attention to is that, unlike the more rapid growth of outbound travel during the previous Golden Week, the performance of the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching".
Flying pig data show that the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes during the National Day holiday this year increased by 42% year-on-year, and the growth rate exceeded that of outbound travel.
According to industry analysis, while the demand is strong, all parts of the country are promoting tourism supply-side reforms to provide tourists with a richer "cultural and tourism feast".
For example, the State General Administration of Sports and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly released the "Top Quality Sports Tourism Line for the Golden Week of November 2019". The 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival, which is being held, will launch seven sections and 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate. As the Golden Week approaches, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have introduced price reduction or free measures for scenic spot tickets.
Ctrip booking data show that domestic destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot". Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live theatrical film "At this moment - Celebrating the 70th Birthday of New China" will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces across the country on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass parade on the big screen through the 4K ultra-high-definition signal.
The person in charge of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the day of the National Day, the station will set up more than 100 seats, and set up more than 200 pick-up equipment along Changan Street and at the commanding heights of the celebration area. Using the lens language and simultaneous sound, the whole process, all-factor 4K ultra-high definition and 5.1 surround sound live broadcast will be realized for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China is facing a severe pork shortage and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal proteins. The outbreak has caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of live pigs in China has halved and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, senior animal protein analyst at Holland Cooperative Bank China, said that demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper said: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the people of all countries in the world.
The white paper said that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China will unswervingly follow its own path, concentrate its efforts on doing its own thing, make the country richer and stronger, make the people happier, and inject stability and certainty into a complex and changeable world. This in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always regarded economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly take the road of high-quality development, implement the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing, speed up the construction of a modern economic system, and better meet the growing needs of the people for a better life.
Let the common people live a good life has always been the greatest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only want to live a good life for themselves, but also want the people of other countries to live a good life."
China persists in development and innovation, growth linkage and the integration of interests, promotes the co-construction of the “Belt and Road ” high-quality development, and promotes the cause of global poverty reduction and development
The white paper said that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant and staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative and strengthen guidance to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, more in-depth and more yuan pattern of opening up to the outside world, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and safeguard and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China resolutely opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door of opening up to the outside world will become bigger and bigger. China will accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the RMB.
The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly safeguard the international system with the United Nations as the core, firmly safeguard the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations as the core, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is China's basic criterion for handling international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper said that China actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It has seen not only the requirements of China's development for the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and has actively participated in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional setting and mode of operation, better fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovation and development of the concept of global governance, summarizes the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of dealing with the world in Chinese culture and the resonance points of the concept of governance with the current era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese plans and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the public meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting the waters of the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said: We support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
The "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund", announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development in Africa. So far, 34 African-related projects have been launched, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest barber died at 108. He cut his hair for 96 years.
Anthony Mancinelli, the world ’ s oldest barber certified by King ’ s World Record in New York, USA. At the age of 108, he never retired and diligently cut his hair for his guests every day. However, on the 19th, Mancinelli died of complications from jaw cancer and bid farewell to his 96-year haircut life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States at the age of 8 and soon helped clean the floor in a barbershop. At the age of 12, he began to pick up scissors to serve the guests, thus reducing the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli attended primary school at that time, he did not graduate.
Mansinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved his work and people from all over the world liked him. However, although his father has always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. Six weeks before his death, he was finally unable to work due to physical factors. However, this is not retirement because he plans to come back to have his hair cut when he gets better.
Robert, 82, said that after his father died, he must now find a new hairdresser because he had asked his father to help cut his hair all his life.
During the year, the repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan, a record high - Xinhuanet
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have started to buy back shares frequently in the past two years. Through targeted buybacks and call auction transactions, they hope to transmit the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, thus stabilizing the stock price and enhancing investor confidence.
According to Oriental Wealth Choice data, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares was 7.9 billion yuan in 2017, surging to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, setting a new high in the amount of A-share repurchase capital, and far exceeding previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares seems to be the same as the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the implementation subject, the source of funds, the purpose of repurchase, the rights and interests of the stock itself and so on.
In an interview with a reporter from Securities Daily, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the "Opinions on Supporting Share Repurchase by Listed Companies" issued in November 2018 had repaired the problems existing in the current system, such as narrow share repurchase scope, complicated decision-making procedures and unsound inventory system. As listed companies had been encouraged to repurchase shares from a policy perspective, the phenomenon of share repurchase increased significantly in that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Share Repurchase by Listed Companies". The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of repurchase funds for listed companies, appropriately simplified the implementation procedures, guided and improved the governance arrangements, and encouraged all kinds of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
After the opinions were issued, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable situations, the repurchase process is simpler, and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is also greater.
The repurchase of shares at a relatively low position will also help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the rate of return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's profit index.
Compared with the increase of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the active market value management willingness and abundant cash flow of listed companies.
Xu Yang believes that the undervaluation of the stock price is the main factor for the repurchase of listed companies. The stock price of the company can no longer reflect the future development prospects of the company. Therefore, such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot blindly invest. It is necessary to pay attention to the financial results and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least show the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The enthusiasm for repurchase of A-share listed companies has gradually increased, which has also normalized the repurchase behavior. Data show that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force of the repurchase market.
Ping An of China recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has repurchased a total of 57.59 million A-share shares through centralized bidding transactions, accounting for 0.315% of the total share capital of the company. The total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). All the repurchased shares will be used for the employee stock ownership plan, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that has been considered and approved by the shareholders' meeting of the company.
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchase, and the purpose of share repurchase has been adjusted in the near future. The original plan "the repurchase shares will all be used as the stock source for the later implementation of equity incentive" has been changed to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as the stock source for the implementation of equity incentive, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce registered capital".
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares is conducive to further improving the level of earnings per share and effectively improving the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group issued a buyback progress announcement on September 25, showing that TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The office of the board of directors of TCL Group told Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or for converting corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the maintenance of the interests of investors, combined with the performance of the secondary market of the company's shares in the past year, and taking into account factors such as the company's operating situation and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funds, self-raised funds and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the repurchase of shares by listed companies can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares circulating in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important benefit to the share price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to take out real money and buy back shares from the stock market for cancellation, which has greatly boosted market confidence.
The buybacks of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially blue-chip stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share buybacks. It is also a practice worthy of affirmation and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Party Committee, and the four leaders of the construction machinery manufacturing Hunan army — Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang — have set a “small goal ” around“ Changsha from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing ” — to build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster in three to five years.
To build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha, in the current fashionable words, is to create "the strongest on the surface".
As an inland provincial capital city, Changsha shouted out this grandiloquence. Where is the confidence?
It is based on the strength of domineering side leakage.
The four construction machinery Hunan enterprises participating in the dialogue are all skilled, covering all fields in the sky, underground, sea and land: Shanhe intelligent light aircraft, Zoomlion's concrete conveyor pump, Sany Heavy Industry's all-ground crane, and Iron Construction Heavy Industry's tunnel shield machine. Their "hard strength" can be described as one of the best in the world.
Once upon a time, China had little say in the field of construction machinery manufacturing.
Times have changed, Chinese enterprises "bring in" and "go out" two-wheel drive, take advantage of the east wind of the "Belt and Road" initiative, acquire, merge, set up factories and other measures, and become a leader in the global construction machinery industry.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industry, Zoomlion, Tiejian Heavy Industry, Shanhe Intelligence and other leading construction machinery enterprises have significantly led similar enterprises in their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators.
It is based on the current situation of the camera.
The "Four King Kong" of Xiangjun Construction Machinery is a leader in Changsha Construction Machinery Industry Cluster and a leading enterprise in the global construction machinery industry.
In the Jianghu of the global industry, who can live and live well is the strength to speak.
In the early years, the global construction machinery industry suffered a cold winter, and many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturing enterprises fell one after another. However, the construction machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha regarded "cat winter" as "winter swimming". They added pressure and broke through themselves. Through the transformation of industrial structure, they changed from manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing. They not only survived the past, but also became stronger.
It is based on the power of government and enterprises with the stars and the moon.
The development of advantageous industries requires not only the active enterprising of enterprises, but also the active actions of the government.
The reason why Changsha has the reputation of "capital of construction machinery" is that it has gathered the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream and built many related industrial clusters. By optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process, the R & D, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises have been greatly reduced.
Good business ecology has led to the influx of construction machinery manufacturing enterprises.
History has pushed Changsha to the front desk of building a global leading level of construction machinery. Time and tide wait for no man.
No matter the government, enterprises, or even related industry, university, research and other links, should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the goal, continue to make efforts, and contribute Hunan's strength to the construction of a manufacturing power.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
No matter in the past, present or future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
Our initiative to hold this foreign ministers' meeting is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and the leaders of African countries at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation in September last year. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council and to promote the international community to better support the realization of peace and development in Africa.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to the vast number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance, and rely on development to govern the foundation.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member countries thanked China for its initiative to hold the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect. Africa and China have always been the most credible and reliable partners.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and positive role in African affairs, effectively promoted a just and reasonable solution to African issues, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa is facing the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving the security problem can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating our positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that an important consensus was reached at today's meeting.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, safeguard the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and oppose unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council, and safeguard the common interests of China and Africa and the vast number of developing countries; we all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way and ask the United Nations to provide financial support for autonomous peace operations in Africa; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development and development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Huyang carries the "Poverty Alleviation Sutra".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
At the Yimin Breeding Co-operative in Yima Town, 58-year-old villager Xia Weili filled the trough in the sheep enclosure with the last spade of forage and kept it at the edge of the trough to watch the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. When you get fat in autumn and winter, you can sell it at a good price."
Shavelli said that he fed sheep "special nutritious meals" every day, regularly cleaned, sterilized and disinfected, meticulously served and did not dare to neglect.
Xiavelli raised sheep for more than 20 years. Only when he came to work in the cooperative did he know how extensive sheep herding was in the past.
Xia Weili is a native of Xia Laochi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are all sheep farmers, but they adhere to the traditional free-range breeding method. The quality of sheep is poor and the quantity of sheep on the market is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor households in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shavelli immersed himself in farming all day, because he was always holding his breath.
The shareholders are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can pay dividends and sell the sheep at the end of the year depends on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to engage in epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few "good handles" in the village.
The Yimin Aquaculture Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with a total of 16 sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed has a good way inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and dense, and it is easy to breed bacteria. The lake sheep cannot stay in the sultry and humid place. The sheep shed must be built in the place of the three-sided ring ditch, and a change fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the epidemic, it is also necessary to spray and disinfect the sheds regularly, and give the sheep three to four anti-epidemic needles in the first
In addition to living well, the "little fat sheep" also have to eat a mixture of silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa and so on, and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch their muscles and bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship and substitution to guide local farmers to put improved species of lake sheep here, and uniformly raise, manage and sell them, so as to realize improved seed, scientific, standardized and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares receive a dividend of more than 6,000 yuan per household per year, and four poverty alleviation targets with filing cards work in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "accurate feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at the body shape, touching the belly" to "doing B ultrasound one by one" … In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat sheep farming is not only a change in the mode of feeding, the model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the bazaar", overcoming the weak and small dispersion of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers have become better because of modern sheep farming.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd. will buy at the bottom of the market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd., said that enterprises have driven more and more poor households to read the "sheep sutra" by providing poor households with loan guarantee, sheep breeding, order breeding, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales and other services.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income through "joining" Zhongsheng agricultural and animal husbandry forage farming, improved seed breeding, large-scale breeding, slaughtering and segmentation, and market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and animal husbandry interlaced zone, with abundant forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale mutton sheep farms and cooperatives in the city. The number of mutton sheep raised has reached more than 5 million. Two processing production lines on the slaughter scale of 1.3 million mutton sheep have also been built. The sheep herd is becoming the "leader" of poverty alleviation in the local industry.
The French finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow up.
PARIS, Sept 26 (Reuters) - France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year and Germany should keep up with France's fiscal stimulus to revive the sluggish economy, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday.
When introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said that the latest monetary easing measures of the European Central Bank have created an opportunity for the governments of member countries that can afford to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to lower borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and push up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not bring prosperity back to Europe. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest. We need it now. The sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation gets worse," he added
He has repeatedly made this appeal to Germany.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has greatly boosted France's economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, and the export-dependent German economy is the first to bear the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that the tax burden of French households will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyrs cemetery.
In order to thoroughly implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions and strive to promote the protection and management of martyrs memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair, Management and Maintenance of Martyrs Memorial Facilities".
The "Work Plan" is a programmatic document for the protection and management of memorial facilities for martyrs. It defines the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of memorial facilities for martyrs. It proposes to plan and build memorial facilities for martyrs and improve the red education base system for carrying forward the spirit of martyrs. Repair and protect memorial facilities for martyrs and create a strong social atmosphere for respecting martyrs and remembering meritorious deeds; Manage and maintain memorial facilities for martyrs and form a standardized and complete organizational guarantee management system
The "Work Plan" clearly states that it is necessary to strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs memorial facilities. In accordance with the principle of overall arrangement and long-term vision, it is necessary to strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs memorial facilities. Efforts should be made to improve the leadership system and mechanism, and improve policies, regulations and systems. Organize and implement quality improvement projects, improve facilities and equipment, and strengthen service capabilities. Optimize the exhibition content, innovate the exhibition methods, and enhance the overall efficiency.
The Work Plan emphasizes that it is necessary to improve the institutional system and organizational guarantee, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, the active cooperation of relevant units and the wide participation of society; revolve around the implementation of the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the legal system, continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction, management and maintenance of martyrs memorial facilities; strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services, encourage ex-servicemen, families of martyrs, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the explanation and order maintenance of martyrs memorial facilities; improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to government-led and diversified investment, and actively advocate and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyrs memorial facilities.
Study: US National Healthy Diet Index grew slightly but still challenging - Chinanews.com
Chinanews, Sept. 27 / prnewswire-asianet / -- according to the American Overseas Chinese News Network, recently, a new study in the United States shows that over the past 16 years, the US government's healthy diet index has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But with a perfect score of 100, it's not worth celebrating.
American nationals still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
Dr. Zhang Fangfang, one of the authors of the study and a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still eat too much food that may cause diseases such as heart disease, diabetes and obesity, which are the most common diseases among Americans.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study is based on the findings of a US government health survey of 44,000 adults from 1999 to 2016.
"Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors wrote.
It is reported that these challenges include reducing the intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that people's daily dietary intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended 10% intake limit.
The biggest improvement in the American national diet is the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As for the reasons for the decrease in sugar intake, the researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people's consumption of sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
American adults have a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole-grain foods.
However, 2016 data show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt is slightly reduced, and the reduction of drinking juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for as much as 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study was based on biannual personal health surveys that asked adults to recall the food they had eaten in the last 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's dietary guidelines for American residents recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
The guidelines point out that people should eat more nutrient-intensive foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the study period, the number of people with diabetes in the United States almost doubled to more than 7%, and the obesity rate also increased over the years during the study period — about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese today.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death among American nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Wenping, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Secretary of the Central Secretariat and Minister of the Central Ministry of Economic Affairs, led a delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was “EU-Asia docking: building bridges for the future of sustainable development ”.
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy on the two continents of the European Union.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening docking is part of the above proposal because it brings benefits to the peoples and economies of the countries concerned.
The above-mentioned relationship will help bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to convey a message on enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary set up technology-enabled asset management business
On the 26th, Everbright Financial Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbright Bank, was formally established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial science and technology. The establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks will help them to use scientific and technological means to upgrade their asset management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively announced that they had obtained the approval of the China Banking Regulatory Commission to set up a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Finance had been officially approved to open its business.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and took the lead in setting up Everbright Finance in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will speed up the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and improve customers' sense of acquisition, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" for the development of financial science and technology in China, further enhance the technology application capability of the financial industry, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Finance, said that the asset management platform of Everbright Finance will use smart investment, smart investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Finance better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation facing the asset management industry, financial technology companies and asset management institutions will use asset management technology to jointly explore new growth paths.
Financial science and technology enabling the asset management industry is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial science and technology itself, but also will inject new vitality and vitality into the development of asset management business.
At the beginning of this year, JD.com Digital Technology launched a new asset management technology system to enhance the product research and development and wind control capabilities of asset management with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system starts with the four capabilities of product design, sales transaction, asset management and risk assessment to improve the overall intelligent operation level of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service capabilities and innovating and enriching products, asset management technology can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and improve the efficiency of asset management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to have deviations in locating customers' risk preferences through questionnaires, but now using artificial intelligence to carry out user portraits is helpful to better locate customers and launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, which is helpful to defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and space-time data can help us better depict the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while resolving risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities.
Record of deepest shaft in China's railway
China news agency, Baoshan, September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu Wei Guo Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel of the Jianda (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was excavated on the 27th. The depth of the well reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the deepest record for the shaft of China's railway tunnel, which was set under the condition of a large amount of water gushing.
The 34.5-kilometer-long Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel of the Dalui Railway is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gaoligong Mountain Mountains from the west bank of the Nujiang River. It is the longest two-lane single-hole tunnel in Asia.
This tunnel passes through 19 fault zones, with a maximum buried depth of 1155 meters, because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that may be encountered in tunnel construction. The Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, shouldering the important task of increasing the operation surface to realize "long tunnel short strike" and later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gaoligongshan tunnel into the horizontal tunnel construction. After the excavation of the bottom of the well and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces can be added to the well to speed up the excavation of the main tunnel.
"The shafts are all in the granite strata. Because there are more cracks in the granite strata, they can't stop water. They flow from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure is as deep as the well is."
Shi Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Darui Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud gushing and water collapse. The builder invited experts to take a pulse on the spot and discussed the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water gushing in the shaft is maximum, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the well more than 700 meters deep, the water pressure is equivalent to the seabed at a depth of 700 meters."
Si Jingzhao said, "If drainage is not pumped in time, the well will be flooded for 10 meters in one hour. We spend almost 85% of our time on water control and 15% of our time on excavation."
In order to overcome the geological problems such as the longitudinal joint development of the surrounding rock of No. 1 shaft, mud gushing and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts the systematic water control measures of "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed mechanized assembly lines such as excavation system, ballast discharge system, suspension system and winch lifting system. The whole process of mechanized operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast discharge, formwork installation and concrete pouring have been realized, and the construction progress has been accelerated.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
With a total length of 330 kilometers, the Dalui Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road" construction.
After completion and opening to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from the current six hours on the road to two hours. This will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and play a role in promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly personnel exchanges between China and South and Southeast Asian countries.
Carrie Lam: As a Chinese, we are proud of our country's achievements
Hong Kong press celebrates the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"Hong Kong Press Reception to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, pointed out that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years are obvious to all, and we are proud as Chinese.
Carrie Lam, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Yading, Deputy Political Member of the People's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, and Jiang Jae-chung, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Celebration Committee, attended the reception and officiated at the ceremony.
In her speech, Carrie Lam pointed out that China has worked hard over the past 70 years. Although it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome and surpassed them one by one. The achievements made are obvious to all. As Chinese, we are proud of them.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, making progress together and sharing fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to give full play to its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of "the belt and road initiative" and Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao and the Gulf region, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that there had been a lot of social controversy in Hong Kong over the past few months, and everyone in Hong Kong had been affected. Journalists also faced different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that friends in the press will continue to face up to the difficulties, uphold the spirit of professionalism, make fair and impartial news reports for the community, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and the return of rational communication and dialogue in the community.
Jiang Zaizhong pointed out in his speech that the glorious course of New China is also the course of development, common progress, blood ties, and sharing weal and woe between Hong Kong and the motherland.
In particular, since the return of Hong Kong to the motherland, the Central Authorities have unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together to help each other and jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit and win-win and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered together to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there has been a series of violent activities that blatantly violate the law and wantonly undermine social stability in Hong Kong. Some media have published distorted and false reports, which have contributed to the violent activities.
He called on the media to create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media personnel should strictly abide by the professional norms of journalism, use true reports and responsible remarks to guide citizens to consciously cut seats with violence, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to send their best wishes to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Reporters learned from the Xining Municipal Party Committee Propaganda Department that Xining City will implement the "Xining City Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations" from October 1, focusing on 15 uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians not passing according to traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings. A list of key governance will be made and corresponding penalties will be set.
Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Party Committee and Director of the Municipal Civilization Office, said that since Xining was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the civilized quality and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, pedestrians jaywalking, running red lights, and non-motor vehicles do not follow traffic lights. High-altitude parabolic objects and window parabolic objects; Smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and laissez-faire defecation and other uncivilized behaviors are still very prominent and easy to rebound. They need to be solved as soon as possible.
Combined with the reality of Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and high-standard requirements for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units from the aspects of public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental hygiene, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building a civilized campus, promoting the construction of civilized families, performing official duties, commemorating heroes and martyrs, and medical services, so that the whole society can understand "what can be done", "what to advocate" and "what to prohibit".
"Formulating and promulgating regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of civilized behavior cognition, and comprehensively standardizing citizens' behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, weddings and funerals, etc., will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City."
Qiu Huaijun, Secretary General of Xining Municipal People's Congress Standing Committee, said.
Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight - Chinanews.com
Beijing News Express (Reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Metro Corporation issued a circular saying that between September 27 and October 7, the extended operating dates of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the delayed operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the early morning of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes.
Line 1 extended the operation time from west to east for 61 minutes, and from east to west for 64 minutes. The last bus departure time of all stations along the line was after 00: 30 the next day. The inner ring of Line 2 was extended for 81 minutes, and the outer ring was extended for 95 minutes. The last bus departure time of all stations along the line was after 0: 20 the next day, and the last bus of Qianmen Station was opened at 00: 50 the next day.
The departure time of the last bus of Metro Line 7 Beijing West Station (heading for Coking Plant Station) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day, and the departure time of the last bus of Coking Plant Station (heading for Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
British tourist car keys fall into lake, family trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took their two children on vacation in France. As a result, they accidentally dropped their car keys into a lake. The whole family was forced to wait five days to get the new keys prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
According to reports, on September 16, local time, when the British family was visiting a lake in France, her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them hours to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists took out insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reordered the keys from the automaker.
A few days later, British tourists finally got the keys to the preparation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of their car keys.
Saudi Arabia has officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China.
(Dubai, 27th) From now on, Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Visitors must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing visa at the airport after the plane has landed, or apply for an electronic visa through visa.visitsaudi .com.
Among them, the electronic signature is multiple entry in a year, allowing tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because this country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohamad bin Salman, Saudi Arabia has pushed forward the "Vision 2030" plan, which aims to reduce the long-term dependence of the country's economy on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism are important components.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko paid a working visit to Vietnam's Hing'an Province.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZASIA automobile production and installation plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, which will help promote the cooperative relations between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, Secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, said that Xing'an Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province. It is hoped that Belarus will take more effective measures in the future to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an Province and Vietnam, and to assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko expressed his gratitude to Xing'an Province for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and business activities recently.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot notification of the commitment system in areas such as the production license of low-risk varieties of food, and delegate the power of representative offices of foreign enterprises to the free trade zone
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a working memorandum and introduced 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which were the first pilot in the country.
According to reports, the notification commitment means that when handling the relevant license registration matters, the administrative organ shall inform the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements prescribed by laws and regulations at one time.
After the applicant has signed the commitment, the administrative organ may handle the matter directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Test Zone in the registration of enterprise names, the processing of simple technology, low-risk variety food production license, and the type approval of some measuring instruments, so as to make the access of enterprises more convenient.
On the 27th, Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the promise, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot bonus.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and also adopted the method of "accepting the shortage", that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some materials in accordance with the time limit agreed in the notification undertaking, "earnestly feel the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production licenses was the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval process was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination and approval and certification" to three links of "registration, acceptance and approval and certification". The completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to on-the-spot completion.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high economic extroversion, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration power of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone to facilitate enterprises to handle the matter nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization of power involves a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"Eleventh" Long Holiday Consumption Survey: Choosing more diversified tourism occupies the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually finalized.
"Securities Daily" reporter recently launched a small survey on the "Eleventh" holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 pieces of feedback received showed that although everyone's plans were different, "tourism + consumption" became the key word of the "Eleventh" holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback received by the reporter of Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "During the 'Eleventh' period, he plans to take his family to Shanghai to play, Disney is the first stop, and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn"; Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "The family of three set out on September 28 and plans to travel around the island for 10 days"; Miss Ma of Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore; and Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose a self-driving tour. He said that "the daughter is less than two years old and it is not very convenient to travel far away. She plans to drive to Shandong and play at the seaside for a few days".
The "Travel and Travel Trend Report for Residents during the 2019 National Day Golden Week" jointly released by Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Tourism recently shows that the consumption upgrading trend of travel and travel during this year's National Day Golden Week is obvious in the three sub-sectors of travel, housing and travel.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the proportion of demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the US delegation showed that tourism consumption continued to flourish and showed a diversified upgrading trend of "eating, living, traveling and playing".
More young people prefer high-quality and distinctive experiences, and the popularity of cultural tourism and night tourism continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumer demand were also centrally released during the "Eleventh" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told Securities Daily that "the main plan for this year's' 11 'is to buy a car."
The staff of a 4S store of an automobile brand in Beijing told Securities Daily that generally speaking, September and October of each year are called the golden period of automobile sales.
During the "Eleventh" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as lucky draw, shop reduction, and so on.
In addition, many brands have recently introduced new models, and it is expected that the effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of services such as culture and education continues to increase.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of the child, cultural and educational consumption has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year's' 11 'is full. I have to go to the' punch-in 'planetarium and children's theater. I have arranged a few families to camp in tents at the Elk Museum on weekends. I have also arranged some audition experience classes. "
Some people in the industry said that in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from survival-oriented consumption to development-oriented consumption and enjoyment-oriented consumption, of which a considerable part of enjoyment-oriented consumption is the category of service-oriented consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the consumption demand at the spiritual level. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, to catch up with the "Eleventh" National Day holiday, there is plenty of time, and people are more willing to travel and spend. This can not only meet the consumption demand at the spiritual level, but also embody the upgrading of residents' consumption.
In the afternoon, I began to feel lonely and unwilling to go out. I have not adjusted the state that the children are not
Take care of yourself and say to the dog Nana, "Mom will take you out of the house."
I have carefully written a few things to do when I go out. The character characteristics of type A blood are getting stronger and stronger. I feel very uncomfortable.
Take a suit, buy nutrients, pay, buy sashimi, Nana snacks.
These are the reasons for going out.
On the phone, I just finished my sister Aiqiang thanks to Nana, otherwise I didn't even have the excuse to buy snacks.
There was a perfunctory smile and said that the child called and hung up.
Nana jumped into the helper's seat and lay down honestly. She knew that she was carsick, scared, and unwilling not to accompany me.
Husband Boo rarely came back early.
He repeatedly praised the delicious salmon and avocado salad, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Take a look at the wall, just 7 o'clock, sunrise country sunset is also early, the sky is already dark.
The circle of friends is inventing the moon. It turns out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
I washed a bunch of grapes sent by my friends, left half for Boo, and put the rest in my favorite small flower bowl and took it out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate grapes and she ate skin, and I spit the grape seeds far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, when the clouds are walking, the moon suddenly appears and appears. It is dazzling when it is bright and dark.
All kinds of poems about the bright moon are surging in my mind, but I only clearly like this sentence: reunion every three to five years / full of clear light to protect the jade column / a round in the sky / ten thousand surnames in the world look up.
Perhaps we have given too much emotion to the moonlight. For me now, in fact, the saying that God belongs to God and Caesar belongs to Caesar is the best.
The moonlight belongs to the moonlight, and the mood belongs to yourself.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon is chilly.
With a slight snoring at her feet, the Nana regiment stood up and spread Nana's little blanket on the edge of her small house, on which Nana lay cheerfully.
He opened the door and shouted, "Is the bath water ready?"
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom lights and pull open the glass.
I didn't eat moon cakes or drink.
The mascot was released at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The launch ceremony of the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a UAE national tree.
The press conference introduced the information of the six mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
9-year-old boy Rashid and 8-year-old girl Latifah are brother and sister, representing the UAE people.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of this World Expo. Blue robots represent "mobility", green robots represent "sustainability" and yellow robots represent "opportunity".
An ancient herding bean tree, named "Salama", is the "old grandmother" of five "little guys", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo High Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, showcase the creativity of local talents, and express our ambitions and expectations".
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation and Director of Dubai World Expo Bureau Lim Hashemi attended the ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme “Communicating Ideas, Creating the Future ”.
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate courses based on their college entrance examination results.
Recently, the Anabin database in Germany, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website that starting from 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for undergraduate courses in German universities on the basis of the results of the college entrance examination. They do not need to enroll in domestic universities first.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply for German universities need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (ordinary undergraduate) and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to meet: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; take the Hong Kong Certificate of Education Examination and the college entrance examination, and the score of the college entrance examination reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750, it must reach 525 or more), and includes the requirements of two language scores and one math or natural science score
In addition, specific majors have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, to apply for majors in medicine, stomatology, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the score of the college entrance examination must reach 80% of the full score, and the subjects of the college entrance examination must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology, or participate in the comprehensive science. To apply for a legal major, the score of the college entrance examination must reach 80% of the full score, and the subjects of the college entrance examination must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history and geography, or participate in the comprehensive literature.
According to incomplete statistics, a number of countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia, have recognized the results of China's college entrance examination.
In Britain, for example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University and Leicester University all accept applications from Chinese students based on their college entrance examination results.
Military "Robot Dogs" First Take Performance Class Sun Theatre: Consider inclusion in the performance lineup.
The US military funded the research and development of "robot dogs" for the battlefield, and now it may be the first to enter the circus stage!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of using robots for circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, on the 24th, Boston Power Technology Company released a promotional film of "Four-legged Robot Spot". The content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot with a weight of 14 kilograms. It has highly adaptable mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a proprietary software platform specifically developed for Spot. Users can set up their own Spot robot functions through a variety of applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the idea of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at that time, but it has not yet been put into commercial application.
However, Boston Power Technology pointed out that Spot has now entered the stage of mass production, and most of the subscribers are construction and energy companies.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conceptual stage and is assessing the potential of Spot for use in the performance scene.
Information Office of the State Council Releases White Paper on "China and the World in a New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Central Propaganda Department and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development direction around issues such as "where China comes from and where to go", "what kind of world China promotes to build" and "how the developed China gets along with the world", and expounds in depth the relationship between China and the world, so as to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, earth-shaking changes have taken place in China, creating unprecedented development miracles in the history of mankind. In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and historic changes in its development.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, great significance and world contribution of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper points out that China has completed the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years in a few decades. The total economic volume has jumped to the second place in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have got rid of material shortage, reached a well-off level on the whole, and enjoyed unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have started from scratch, been self-reliant and worked hard to create a new world. Over the past 70 years, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world. Over the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has contributed to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road of seeking common development in the course of opening up, and a road of comprehensively ruling the country according to law.
China's development path, which conforms to China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright development prospects as the times advance.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that realizing the prosperity of the country, the rejuvenation of the nation and the happiness of the people is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. All-round opening up to the outside world creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods for the international community. China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "a strong country must dominate".
Faced with the question of "what's wrong with the world and what about mankind", the white paper points out that today's world is undergoing a great change that has not occurred in a century. Human society is full of hope and challenges.
China has proposed to build a community of human destiny, open up a new development path of win-win cooperation and co-construction and sharing, and provide a new choice for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, safeguard the international system with the United Nations as the core, promote exchanges and mutual learning among civilizations, and jointly promote the construction of a community of human destiny and a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developed China can get along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development is inseparable from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability are inseparable from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adheres to win-win cooperation and common development, persists in maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively develops global partnership, firmly supports multilateralism, upholds international fairness and justice, promotes the joint construction of the “Belt and Road ” high-quality development, actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era of China, the determination to take the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination to learn from each other and win-win cooperation with other countries will not change, and the determination to walk hand in hand with the world will not change.
Finally, the white paper points out that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely linked as they are now.
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era" consists of a preface, text and concluding remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper was published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Western, Arab and Japanese. It was published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House respectively and distributed in Xinhua Bookstore nationwide.
Does Ma Hua take part in the by-election of Johor's Danjongbi Congress seat?
Mahua President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "To the BN Supreme Council for discussion!"
Danrong than Ai by-election is imminent, and whether Ma Hua, a member of the BN party, will take part in this traditional national seat has attracted attention.
However, after the meeting of the Malaysian Central Committee, it was announced that it would be handed over to the Supreme Council of the BN to decide whether this traditional Malaysian seat would continue to be handed over to the Malaysian Central Committee or
After chairing the meeting of the Malaysian Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election would be conducted in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, it would have to go through a meeting of the BN Supreme Council before a decision could be made.
He said that the BN Supreme Council meeting is expected to be held in early October because the Election Committee will not meet until next Monday (1) to finalize the by-election for the Danjongbi seat.
"Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met with NBN President Datuk Seri Ameszahi. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Alliance of Hope."
"We have finalized a special meeting of BN leaders in early October, and the leaders of the three parties of BN will determine which member party will take part in the battle."
Asked whether Ma Hua would insist on the traditional seat of the BN Supreme Council, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the President of Ma Hua, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures. Therefore, any decision must reach a consensus of the BN.
"In any by-election, some people are willing to go to war. Some political parties and some parties think that they should come out. This is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a big test for us to form a political alliance over the years. We believe that the BN has held some valuable values along the way."
"In the process, someone may say something, which is not unusual."
"However, once the BN Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone must make every effort to prepare for the war. That is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that Ma Hua will go all out at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Joint Committee and the Central Committee, to prepare for the coming Danrong by-election.
"The district council will be led by Datuk Seri Huang Risheng, Chairman of the (Danrong Biai) District Council; the State Board will be led by Datuk Lin Pui-hing, Acting Chairman of the Soju Board; and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by the Acting President Datuk Ma Hanshun and the General Secretary Datuk Zhang Shengwen."
Last Saturday (21), Datuk Mohamad Fari, a member of the Indigenous Solidarity Party, died of heart problems at the Benzhen Government Hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was ordered to "patrol the mountain on a voluntary basis."
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was sentenced for hunting wild animals. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage of 15,420 yuan.(人民币，下同 ) .
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, thus achieving the organic unity of legal effect and social effect.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy attorney general of the Baokang County Procuratorate, said on the 27th that through three months of "voluntary mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou has established deep feelings with wild macaques and deeply remorse himself for the previous behavior of hunting animals.
On June 21 this year, a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit filed by the Baokang County Procuratorate in the field of ecological resources was heard in public in the county court and sentenced in court.
Defendant Zhou was sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of 3 years, suspended for 4 years, and fined 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid at the cliffs in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including impala, muntjac, hairy-crowned deer, etc.
The impala is a national second-class endangered wild protected animal. The muntjac and hairy-crowned deer are listed in the National Land Wildlife Protection List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and behavior and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: that is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration costs by carrying out macaque domestication and management work, voluntary mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaque reserve for one year.
With regard to the prosecutor's proposal, the court approved and agreed to Zhou to carry out the suspended sentence while actively fulfilling the obligation of "alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration".
At present, Zhou has been working voluntarily in the macaque reserve for 3 months. He has been active in mountain patrol and has performed well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has organically integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically used the supervision methods of procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision, and minimized the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment with the help of judicial means.
UN awards “Guardian of the Earth Award ” for“ Ant Forest ”
Amid warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, head of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, user representative, stepped onto the podium and received the 2019 United Nations "Guardian of the Earth Award" trophy from the host.
The 2019 "Earth Guardian Award" award ceremony was held in new york on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which uses mobile phone applets to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions, won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya, but the people who attended the award ceremony on that day were still unable to hide their excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Inge Annosheng, said that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation. It has enabled hundreds of millions of people to move to understand the environmental challenges facing mankind and what human beings can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people with the environment, so that every individual can participate in the action to protect the earth, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (hereinafter referred to as Ant Financial Services) on Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" and "plant trees" in their mobile phones by recording their daily green travel in the "Ant Forest" and paying utilities online.
Every time a user develops a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in a deserted area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users have reduced their carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertification areas.
In the "Earth Guardian Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene. "It is impressive to inspire so many people to participate in green action".
Jing Xiandong, chairman and chief executive officer of Ant Financial Services, said that the "Earth Guardian Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon living. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that the "ant forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "ant forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come from green hills and waters.
In addition to providing employment opportunities by planting trees, it is also hoped to help farmers increase their income through agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used for reference by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "e-wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to reports, GCash will join hands with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental protection public welfare organizations to plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start-up of the project.
The "Earth Guardian Award" is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection and is awarded once a year.
The "Ant Forest" award is the third consecutive year that a green innovation project from China has won the "Incentive and Action Award" award after the builder of Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Thousand Village Demonstration and Renovation" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade friction affects the "report card" of the US economy.
The US economic "report card" for the second quarter of this year showed that the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed significantly from the previous quarter due to the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty brought about by it were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the previously released revised data, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
Data show that consumption growth became the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total US economy, increased by 4.6% in the quarter-on-quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell 6.3% in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging down the economic growth of the quarter by 1.16 percentage points. Exports fell 5.7% from the previous quarter, while net exports dragged down the economic growth of the quarter by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of Ainside Macroeconomic Consulting in the United States, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the momentum of growth last year, but also showed a sharp decline. This was due to the impact of rising economic and trade friction and uncertainty on business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditure is expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has strongly supported the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumption prospects.
Richard Curtin, head of the survey and professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said recently that in the latest survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, a new high in a year and a half.
With regard to the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
Kailyn Birch, a global economist at the British Economist Intelligence Unit, predicts that in the future, the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend since this year, and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, predicts that on the assumption that economic and trade frictions will not continue to escalate, US economic growth will be 2.3% this year and further slow to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced, and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than at present.
Matt Melley, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade friction is still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the sharp fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade friction can be properly resolved will be the key to affect the direction of the US capital market for the rest of this year.
Ningxia is the first couple to share parental leave. Parents of children aged 0 to 3 can take 10 days a year.
Protecting the legitimate rights and interests of women is the embodiment of respecting and protecting human rights. It is also an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Regulations on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region" was passed by a high vote.
This is the first provincial-level local regulation to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women in Ningxia. It will be formally implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the "Regulations" passed this time were revised on the basis of the "Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests" in Ningxia in 2007. They are divided into nine chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the "Regulations", Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for husband and wife, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Young Children under the Age of 3.
In the process of revising the "Regulations", Ningxia innovatively proposed that "employers should be encouraged to give 10 days of parental leave each year to couples who have children in accordance with laws and regulations during the period from zero to three years of age".
At the same time, the Regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the "Regulations" incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the personality rights compilation of China's current Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the "Regulations" explicitly prohibits the frequent sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, thus becoming a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and deal with the common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and relevant subjects, so as to provide solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, in view of the hot social issue-gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination. It also absorbs the latest practical experience of joint interviews, strengthens the punishment for illegal acts of gender discrimination, and more effectively protects the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, Ningxia Women's Federation, in conjunction with the Public Security and Law Department, civil affairs and other departments, has achieved remarkable results in promoting and introducing social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marital and family conflicts and disputes and anti-domestic violence.
The "Regulations" summarize and promote this. A number of laws and regulations encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Academician Yuan Longping workstation of Xingan League of Inner Mongolia is resistant to saline-alkali rice per mu.
Reporters learned from the administrative office of Xingan League of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that good news came from the "On-site Production Measurement and Acceptance Meeting of Saline-alkali-tolerant Rice at Academician Yuan Longping Workstation of Xingan League" held by the League a few days ago. The average yield of saline-alkali-tolerant rice per mu exceeded 1,000 kg.
A production testing expert group composed of six experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs conducted on-site sampling and harvesting of "Xingyan Series" rice.
According to expert evaluation, on land with PH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and salinity content of 5 ‰ to 6 ‰, the average yield of saline-alkali-tolerant rice per mu is 508.8 kg.
Wang Shigang, Executive Director of Academician Yuan Longping Workstation of Xingan League, said: "Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, so as to cultivate and optimize saline-alkali-resistant rice varieties again, so as to make the quality better and yield higher."
Lai Yongcai, head of the production measurement expert group and vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: "On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I think we will continue to strengthen science and technology to tackle key problems, and saline-alkali resistant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline-alkali land."
Xing 'an League belongs to a contiguous poverty-stricken area at the southern foot of Daxing' anling Mountains.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's work station was unveiled at Xing 'an League.
Academician Yuan Longping led the team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated "saline-alkali-resistant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies. 960 mu of saline-alkali-resistant rice base was built in Horqin Right-wing Central Banner. The technical route of trial demonstration and promotion was adopted to help the local poor to increase production and income and get rid of poverty and become rich.
The on-site production measurement of saline-alkali-resistant rice not only injects hope for the upgrading of saline-alkali medium and low-yield fields to medium and high-yield fields in Xingan League, but also provides a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline-alkali rice under the same conditions in China.
According to Australia.com, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, on September 26, local time, Australia's new state passed a bill to legalize abortion.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks. Since independent Member Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
According to the report, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest deliberation bill in the new state Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after the final vote of the new state House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the new state.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and also allows a woman to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment that allows doctors to seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the hospital advisory committee before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also includes that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive the termination of pregnancy.
Previously, the new state governor, Berejiklian, had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berejiklian had repeatedly intervened to buy more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berejiklian defended his absentee vote, saying: "I need to take the time to manage the whole new state."
It is reported that Australian Liberal Party member Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the new state government because of the bill and said that the bill triggered a "government crisis".
But after that, Davis made concessions.
"The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors," Davis said.
Meanwhile, Australian New State National Party leader Barilaro said he was proud to be part of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a crime, and women who have abortions will not be treated as criminals."
Major projects of Sany Group settled in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, it will focus on the development of petroleum intelligent equipment and intelligent steel industry.
Today, Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Trinity Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group has invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart iron and steel industry, petroleum smart equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. It is estimated that the annual comprehensive output value will exceed 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, Sany Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project will be located in Hetang District, which will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the whole province and even in the central part of the country. It will also be the intelligent manufacturing and processing center for metal structural parts of Sany Group. With a total investment of 5 billion yuan, the project of Petroleum Intelligent Equipment and Regional Research and Development Center (Headquarters Base) will be located in Qingshuitang. It will focus on building a petroleum intelligent equipment production base and building a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Sany Group will also build a used car market for construction machinery in the Automobile Expo Park of Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out pragmatic cooperation in areas such as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No.1 Project" for the city's investment promotion and capital introduction this year. Mao Tengfei, secretary of the municipal party committee, and Yang Weiguo, secretary of the municipal party committee, took the lead and set up a special coordination group to efficiently connect and promote at a high level. The whole process provided high-quality and efficient services for the development of Sany Group in Zhuzhou. It took less than 100 days from the intention contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned assets to enrich the social security fund.
Finance Minister Liu Kun said on the 27th that so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital transferred.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting for transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the State-owned
"The transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is a full embodiment of the sharing of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational fairness of the basic old-age insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for Transferring Some State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the preliminary work of the transfer has achieved positive results.
At the central level, the transfer of a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions has been completed in three batches, with a total state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions performing the duties of investors by the Ministry of Finance has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of enterprise transfer has been carried out one after another.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, transferring 15.8 billion yuan of state-owned capital and 18.5 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also successively carried out preparatory work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the implementation of the transfer in the next step.
According to a notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission, the transfer of some state-owned capital by the central and local authorities to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made specific arrangements for the full implementation of the transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work hours are tight and the task is heavy. "
Liu Kun said: all regions and departments should carefully organize and make careful arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed in accordance with the requirements; promote the work in a down-to-earth manner and accurately grasp the contents of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
State-owned assets transfer to enrich the social security fund — Starting from the starting point of "enrich the social security fund money bag", the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on Fully Promoting the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", specifying the timetable for the transfer of state-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the transfer of some state-owned capital by the central and local governments to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully launched in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments also implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the equity of ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two equity transfers exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the social security foundation and other recipients, as financial investors, enjoy the right of income, disposal and knowledge of the state-owned equity.
ICBC and ABC said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the Bank.
In this regard, the author believes that similar equity transfer of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change of equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The "addition result" of the first step in the transfer of some state-owned assets to social security can naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people and the sharing of development results by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and relatively stable.
Among them, leading enterprises continue to achieve excellence, bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully implement the work of transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it would, in conjunction with the relevant departments and in accordance with the arrangements of the executive meeting of the State Council, do a good job in comprehensively pushing and transferring some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, so as to fully embody the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system and the sharing of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises by the whole people.
The second step of the transfer, "addition result", is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure. As the main body of the transfer, most of the state-owned assets have the ability to make sustained profits and dividends. They can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide the source of living water for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that for every transfer of 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital, the deposit ratio of basic endowment insurance for enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "addition result", is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The way to obtain income from the main body of the transfer is "dividend-oriented, operation as a supplement".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund does focus on obtaining equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has a strong ability to operate capital.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help raise the operating level of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as an investment weather vane, the increase of shareholding weight is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and playing the role of "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18 and studied at Weyburn.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted in the form of not publishing works in Germany, and then even stopped writing.
In 1933, he wrote the symphony Miserae and dedicated it to “my friends who sleep forever ”.
In 1935, the symphony was premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
Afterwards, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under the Nazis.
Hartmann's Funeral Concerto was a violin and string concerto when the manuscript of the piece was stolen out of Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival 2018.
US Senate approves Scalia as labor secretary - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The US Senate voted on the 26th to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Labor Minister.
The vote was 53 in favor and 44 against. No Democrat voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's resume makes him well-suited to serve as labor secretary.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long been on the opposite side of workers and unions during his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then Minister of Labor, announced his resignation in July this year after being accused of "leniency" for Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls.
Scalia, 56, is a partner in a well-known US law firm. His father is the late US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government, which is in charge of labor-related
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Trump had nominated Peter Geithner, acting director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must also be approved by the Senate.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters and terrorist attacks in the United States and follow-up matters.
Since the first appearance of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile units.
"This National Day military parade was the first appearance of the Rocket Army on Changan Street after the change from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Army's equipment team, said.
The missile troops under review have fully carried forward the spirit of being especially able to bear hardships, fight and dedicate themselves. They have carefully trained and scientifically organized training. The whole process of military parade training embodies three major characteristics, shows a good image of strategic services, and pays more attention to a strict style of work.
In this military parade, both generals and soldiers have strict standards and requirements, forging an excellent style that is highly effective and prohibited.
They also pay attention to carrying forward the spirit of craftsmen, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance and style, forming the characteristics of "strong military posture, fast movement and bright answer". They continue to use strict style to create a phalanx of powerful missiles and pay more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic service, the Rocket Army stresses science and technology and emphasizes innovation as a fine tradition and advantage.
In this military parade training, on the basis of learning from past experience, they broke the mindset, broke through the traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality and efficiency, so as to ensure that the combination of people and vehicles is not bad in a millimeter, the action of the square team is not bad in seconds, and more docking actual combat standards.
The read troops of the Rocket Army adhere to the same standards and higher requirements as the military parade ground and the launch site. They hold every gate and keep an eye on every detail, so that the read troops can undergo quenching and tempering, and truly make the National Day military parade ground a training ground and examination ground to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend implementation of Iran nuclear agreement
Chinanews, Sept. 27 / prnewswire-asianet / -- according to the "Central News Agency", the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to manufacture enriched uranium has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
In July, Iran suspended two other commitments to keep the stock of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium no more than 3.67%. Now there are further moves.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for the manufacture of nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges of Model 2 and Model 3... are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency submitted the report to Member States on the 26th. A diplomatic official responded, "They are busy at the (Natanz uranium enrichment) facility."
The Vietnam-Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, President of the Vietnam-Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said that VKBIA will work together to serve as a bridge to strengthen relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the Association will be an important step towards achieving the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the government and the relevant functional institutions of South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the Association.
Chen Changshui, Deputy Ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas. It aims to expand the space for investment cooperation, help each other and make more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into international economic undertakings, and promote the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincides with the commemoration of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic cooperative partnership between Vietnam and South Korea and is born against the background that the two countries are strengthening pragmatic cooperative relations in the fields of foreign affairs, defense and security, and promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of two-way trade volume of US $100 billion by 2020.
Italy's education minister proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, the education minister of the new Italian government and a member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to Parliament, suggesting that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and air tickets with high sugar content.
According to reports, according to the bill motion proposed by Education Minister Fiola Monti, the Italian government will levy a snack tax on sugary beverages, snacks and other food commodities that are harmful to health. At the same time, an environmental tax will be levied on air tickets, with a levy of 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international flights.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
The proceeds from the tax will be used in the areas of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he thought it was a feasible plan. Salvini, a member of the Italian Parliament, European Parliament and leader of the League Party, tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to hide desserts, biscuits, bread and candy as soon as possible, because the new government will start to levy a snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to the imposition of a special tax on sugary beverages and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of this tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Ottawa, Sept. 26 / prnewswire-asianet / -- Cong Peiwu, the new Chinese ambassador to Canada, held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25, local time.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made remarkable achievements. It has not only profoundly changed the face of China, benefited its own people, but also produced far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the ways for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese plans to solve human problems.
The picture shows the participants stopping to watch the 70th anniversary of New China theme photo exhibition held at the same time in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said: China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the five principles of peaceful coexistence as the core. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, and benefited the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can the relations between the two countries develop along the correct track.
On the contrary, relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations are experiencing serious difficulties, and the responsibility lies not with China.
"If you untie the bell, you must tie the bell."
It is hoped that Canada will come up with appropriate solutions to the outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for the relations between the two countries to return to the right track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly personages from all walks of life, envoys in Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and overseas students attended the reception.
Diplomats from the Chinese Embassy in Canada, including Chen Mingjian and Heng Xiaojun, attended the reception.
At the reception, a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were shown.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive literary and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has appeared at a public event.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and submitted a copy of the credentials to Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Director of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the following day.
Cong Peiwu, who was born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this trip to Canada, he served as Director of the North American Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Previously, he served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
The Vietnamese city of Hanoi strives to expand cooperative relations with various localities in Laos
Mr. Nguyen Dejong reviewed the meaningful exchange of visits between the two delegations and affirmed that these activities would help foster the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fung Weihan.
Mr. Nguyen Dejong hopes that Ambassador Tongshavan will continue to play a good role as a bridge and link between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongshavan said that Laos learned and learned from many successful experiences of Vietnam, and was deeply impressed by the breakthrough development achieved by the city of Hanoi and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tongshavan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi municipal government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the fluctuation of the global situation, the older relations will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen Dezhong will lead a working delegation from Hanoi City to conduct a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020 onwards, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao college students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Land and Spatial Planning Minister Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
More than 1,000 people attended the reception, including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of missions to ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and overseas students, and award-winning young contestants of children's painting on the theme of "I and China".
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao Qian, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from isolation and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of food and clothing to an all-round well-off society, and from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength. The Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress. The political mutual trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has been continuously promoted, exchanges in various fields have been comprehensively expanded, and the comprehensive strategic partnership between China and Indonesia has been stable and far-reaching.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded and have always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, effectively promoting regional peace, stability, prosperity and development.
Xiao Qian said: the foundation of the development and changes of New China over the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a road of becoming a powerful country that can go through, go right and go well.
The picture shows "Theme Tour Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to jointly promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, the region and the world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the brilliant achievements of New China in the past 70 years and reflecting the relations between China, Indonesia, China and ASEAN.
The video, which was divided into three parts: "Brilliant achievements in China's development", "steady and far-reaching relations between China and Indonesia" and "upgrading the quality of China-ASEAN relations", won warm applause from the audience.
A "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged at the reception site to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first batch of self-driving taxi teams start trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of self-driving taxi team Robotaxi was officially opened.
The first batch of 45 "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi teams jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag began trial operation at the open test section of Changsha.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to Apollo's official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to have a trial ride experience.
An experienced passenger said that he was sitting in the back row of the vehicle and clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat to start the automatic driving journey of the vehicle with one click.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving position to ensure the safety of passengers to the greatest extent.
In the course of driving, the vehicle can intelligently change lanes according to the road conditions, and can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles, and make automatic avoidance for close overtaking and other situations.
During the whole experience, the passenger area screen displays the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, information such as traffic light changes and waiting time can be seen in advance. All vehicle conditions and road conditions are clear at a glance.
Unmanned driving has heard of it on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it is amazing to find it in our lives.
We expect it to truly enter the life of the common people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo obtained 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road passes through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu, Dawangshan, High-tech Zone and other areas, with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently the longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex coverage scene and the most advanced vehicle-road coordination infrastructure in China.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the trial operation road of the Apollo Robotaxi team in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers. In the first half of 2020, it is planned to cover 135 kilometers of roads currently open in Changsha.
Women's volleyball team win Lang Ping still has dissatisfaction: playing a strong team with so many mistakes, it will be difficult
On the afternoon of the 27th, Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. In the end, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3-1 and ushered in a nine-game winning streak in the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
However, after the match, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third set.
"In the third inning, the other side strengthened the attack of the serve. Some of us (one pass) could not hit the ball, and we made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told the players to focus, the first pass is not in place, we have to adjust the attack well, and we have to defend with the other side."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack and was worried. She wanted to kill the ball too much and her movements would deform.
I hope she will be patient, "we all give her protection".
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge.
(70 years of New China) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid improvement of China's comprehensive national strength and international influence, some people in the world are worried that China will follow the path of "national strength must dominate", and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory".
This includes cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalance brought about by the growth and decline of power, and deliberate distortion to safeguard one's own vested interests.
Realizing the prosperity of the country, the rejuvenation of the nation and the happiness of the people is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or a challenge."
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new kinetic energy into world economic growth. In the future, the role of stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent.
At present, the momentum of world economic growth is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization are accelerating. The economic structure is deeply adjusted. Industrial optimization is continuously upgraded. New economic growth points are constantly emerging.
"The research report of the McKinsey Global Research Institute believes that by 2040, the integration of China and other economies in the world is expected to create an economic value of US $22 trillion to US $37 trillion, equivalent to 15% to 26% of the total global economy. Strengthening cooperation between other economies in the world and China will create great economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that structural changes have taken place in China's economy and the world economy and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic operation, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term benefit to the development of the world economy.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to regard China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge" and try to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain, so as to "decouple" China from the world economy.
The white paper pointed out that all-round opening up to the outside world will create more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a mutually beneficial and win-win opening-up strategy and achieves a stronger and higher level of opening-up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale will benefit more countries.
"Opening up should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-way.
Only mutual benefit can be long-term and lasting. "
The white paper said that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, relaxing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening the protection of intellectual property rights. Other countries should also expand opening up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties move towards each other can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
These include promoting high-quality co-construction of the "Belt and Road", building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community and has never forgotten to give back to the international community and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
Andrei Slipniov, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said in a recent written interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure, and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a large proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russian exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
On the optimization of Russia's export structure to China, Slipniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand of high-tech products from all countries and regions in the world, including China.
Next, Russia will improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote further growth in the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slipniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Talking about the two countries' goal of achieving a bilateral trade volume of US $200 billion by 2024, Slipniov said that the fields of agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
The Russian side intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to push its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemicals are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries".
Slipniov said that the Russian export center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to provide support for the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian export center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote more convenient access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
There has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB to pay worldwide.
The latest "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released by the Global Bank Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT) in London on the 26th shows that from July 2017 to July 2019, there is a significant increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB to
At the 2019 London Annual Meeting of the Global Bank Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT), the “RMB Tracking Special Issue ” entitled“ Insight into RMB from a London Perspective ” released by the agency showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment worldwide increased by 11.31%, and the number increased from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions using RMB for payment in Africa and the Middle East increased the most, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the share of RMB in global payment currencies was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange trading.
According to the report data, in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London firmly ranks first in global foreign exchange trading.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange trading was 40.14%, 12.93% in the United States and 7.67% in France.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": sneaking around and self-demeaning
In response to the fact that Taiwan personnel recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small moves were disgraceful and made people laugh.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwanese media reports, the staff of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues held in the United States and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on the grounds of the United Nations. It was not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that the personnel of the Taiwan side infiltrated the United Nations in a sneaky way to undermine their personality. They also exaggerated that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". This kind of small move is very disgraceful and makes people laugh.
He pointed out that the United Nations has repeatedly reiterated its insistence on handling the Taiwan issue in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and the vast number of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot to speed up the upgrading of dairy industry structure - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, September 27 (Reporter An Lumeng) The reporter learned from the Hohhot Municipal Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that Hohhot has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Yili and Mengniu are among the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, speed up the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and make every effort to create an "upgraded version of China's dairy capital".
Dairy industry is a traditional advantageous industry in Hohhot. Relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of Hohhot dairy industry has expanded rapidly and the large-scale breeding rate has continuously increased.
In 2018, the large-scale breeding rate of dairy cows in the city reached more than 98%, and nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrialization chain. The total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot has issued "Several Opinions on Building an Upgrade Edition of China's Dairy Capital" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrade of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)". Focusing on the goal of taking the lead in achieving dairy manufacturing 4.0, Hohhot has implemented the "Five Major Upgrades" plan for the construction of high-quality milk source bases, the connection of the interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-level leading enterprises, the cultivation of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprises clusters and the international innovation of the dairy industry.
Hohhot Mayor Feng Yuzhen said that the local government will speed up the implementation of the two major projects of Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park with an investment of 100 billion yuan, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the exchange rate of Vietnam Shield against the US dollar was raised by 5 Vietnam Shield.
With the exchange rate fluctuation range of + / -3%, the upper limit of the US dollar exchange rate of each bank today is 23,854 and the lower limit is 22,465.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were 3211 and 3295 respectively, down 1 per cent from the previous trading day.
Techcombank of Vietnam set the US dollar purchase price and selling price at 23,131 and 23,271 respectively, down 2% from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were 3,193 and 3,326 respectively, down 1 and 2 respectively from the previous trading day.
The "China Good Story" database goes online to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Stories" database, an innovative and basic platform for publicity work with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and spreading a good Chinese voice", was officially launched today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Stories" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene of "Meimei and the Communist Party -" China's Good Story "Database Launch Conference" filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China Good Stories" database, an innovative and basic platform for publicity work with the aim of "telling a good Chinese story and spreading a good Chinese voice", was officially launched to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Opening the database of "China's Good Stories", a picture of ink and wash fish with a long artistic conception slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure house of Chinese stories that have passed through time and space for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories. From the traditional stories of "serving the country faithfully" and "moving mountains by fools" to the new era stories of "I will have no self" and "Do not forget your initiative mind", thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers to show "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The story library brings together five categories of theme stories of "1 + 4".
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first interpreter of Chinese stories". The "Learning" section takes the story of Xi Jinping, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping as the main line, and provides a rich and convenient network platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the principles of governing the country behind the story; four story categories, such as "governing the country", "striving to fulfill the dream", "Chinese culture" and "win-win cooperation", closely revolve around the story of the Chinese Communist Party governing the country, the story of the Chinese people's struggle to fulfill the dream, the broad and profound story of Chinese culture and the win-win story of China's adherence to peaceful development and cooperation.
The reporter learned from the "Meimei and the Communist Party - 'China Good Stories' Database Launch Conference" held in Beijing today that the "China Good Stories" database has opened Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, fashionable in design, and full media shows wonderful stories.
The mobile phone client highlights the voice function of artificial intelligence, adapts to the trend of mobile communication, and provides users with a portable "China Good Story" player.
In order to facilitate query and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of intelligent search technology in Chinese search, and provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search, label search, etc. It is convenient, fast, easy to check and easy to use.
The "China Good Story" database has also set up a special content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for the first batch of more than 10 settled units, including the SASAC.
Demonstrations blasted the president to step down in Egypt. The authorities showed a strong crackdown.
Twitter hashtags and social media are strongly advocating that Egyptians take to the streets today to peacefully demand that President Cessi step down.
However, the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress it.
Since Cessi, then head of the military, launched a military coup to seize power in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest would be in extreme danger.
The Guardian reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare outbreak of protests calling for Cessi to step down last weekend.
The corruption allegations surrounding Cessi and his family squandering public money in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior firmly stated yesterday that it would respond decisively to any attempt to destabilize the country and would not relent.
Central Cairo has long been heavily guarded, and riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police can be seen everywhere on the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the Egyptian revolution in 2011.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of important scholars and social celebrities on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "Continuing the absolute rule of Ceci will cause disaster. I have no doubt about this."
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Prior to Nafa's arrest, Hosni, a former spokesman for Anan, Egypt's former military chief of staff, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Ceci for the presidency.
Davood, chairman of the Constitutional Party, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that the crackdown on dissent reflects the instability and fragility of the government at a time when the economic woes of the poor and the middle class are intensifying.
Ayman Nour, an opposition leader who once ran for the presidency, said: "The catch-up action highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how fearful it is."
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political oppression, Cessi is trying to send a clear message to important generals and political figures who may be replaced."
Noel pointed out that under the premise that the social and economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-handed approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the fear barrier has been breached, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently living in exile in Spain and a former Egyptian military construction contractor, began uploading a series of films earlier this month, claiming to benefit from government corruption, triggering a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said his company, Amlak General Contracts, did not have to go through the statutory bidding process to get lucrative contracts, emphasizing the corruption of the military and Sisi relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply remorseful that he had been involved.
Ali claimed that the palatial palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sisi Gai were in stark contrast to the destitute life of the current Egyptians, and that the other party had not yet paid for them.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "stand up and you are not alone", "Ceci you are finished", "Ceci has to roll" and "next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets, calling on people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand Ceci to step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amarwick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Cessi is doomed... He is finished, and those who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
Hong Kong Government launches free special training scheme to help economically affected employees tide over the difficulties recently
On the 27th, the Hong Kong SAR Government announced the introduction of a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong have few customers.
Affected by the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has dropped significantly recently. Apart from the tourism industry, the hotel, catering, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr Law Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on commissioning the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Mr Law said that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy were imminent and should not wait until the situation was calm.
Therefore, the Hong Kong SAR Government has launched this free training programme called "Special Love Value Added".
According to reports, people who have been unemployed since June 1 or are required by their employers to take unpaid leave will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Mr Law said that the scope of the relevant courses was very extensive. The most important part was "vocational skills" training, covering 19 industries, including the tourism, retail and catering industries. There would also be some new "innovation and technology" courses as well as cross-industry "generic skills" courses.
The Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, Mr Yu Pengchun, said that tuition fees for all courses were free and the scheme was expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Students participating in the Scheme will receive a special allowance as long as they have completed each full-time or part-time course and have an attendance rate of 80%. The maximum monthly allowance for each student is HK $4,000.
According to reports, the training courses will last for two to three months and will be provided by about 50 training institutions. Members of the public can enroll from October 3 to March 31 next year. Each person can enroll in up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry tide over the difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the funding for the Travel Industry Council, subsidizing 6 000 tour guides to renew their licences to enroll in courses, waiving annual fees for travel agents, and so on.
Exercise is tiring and tiring?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes showed that after high-intensity exercise, the brain also showed signs of fatigue.
The study, led by Mathias Percigrion, an expert at the Pitier-Salpetrill Hospital in France, shows that there is an inconspicuous link between mental and manual labor: both require cognitive control over activity.
"You need to control the autonomous process that forces you to stop when you have muscle and joint pain," Percigrion explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
The school experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, that is, uncontrollable fatigue after high-load exercise, unable to recover and declining performance.
INSEP asks a question: Could part of the cause of this condition be neurofatigue, the kind of neurofatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
A few days ago, a special exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Art Museum to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong ’ s “Running Horse ”, Qi Baishi ’ s“ Ten Thousand Years of Peace ”, Li Keran ’ s “All Mountains Are Red and All Forests Are Dyed ”, Jin Shangyi ’ s“ Tajik Bride ”, Luo Zhongli ’ s “Father ” and Liu Wenxi ’ s“ Four Generations ” have more than 480 masterpieces, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, including almost all the classic works since the founding of New China.
"Magnificent Picture of the Great Journey-Art Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" is a rich and multi-dimensional display of the magnificent great course and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, as well as the unremitting fighting spirit and the great spirit of continuous self-improvement of the Chinese people.
The exhibition is divided into a preface and four chapters.
The exhibition has a huge scale and a collection of masterpieces of famous artists. The exhibition exhibits more than 480 works, covering a number of artistic categories such as Chinese painting, oil painting, printmaking, sculpture, watercolor gouache, New Year pictures, posters and so on. It focuses on the classic works collected by the Chinese Art Museum and brings together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, the "National Thematic Art Creation" organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism has just completed more than 130 new works on realistic themes for the first time.
In order to present this exhibition, the China Art Museum has used all the exhibition space of the whole museum for the first time. In addition to the three-storey exhibition hall in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space has also been built into a sculpture exhibition area, and an exhibition pattern echoing both inside and outside has been formed through the exhibition design.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement for Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the China Art Museum was temporarily closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day". This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The MGTO has arranged a series of activities, including the reception of lucky tourists and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was also held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Mr Tam Junrong, and others attended to participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
On the same day, the Director-General of the Tourism Bureau, Wen Yee-wah, the Deputy Director-General, Hui Yiu-ming, and other leaders and relevant executives went to the Macau International Airport to present souvenirs to the lucky visitors of the "World Tourism Day".
Mr. Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand, has become a lucky tourist this year. He said that he comes to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a suitable tourist destination for a large and small family. He can enjoy Macau cuisine and visit the city of Macau during the weekend holidays.
The Macau tourist mascot "Mai Mai" robot was also present to welcome visitors. The Tourist Information Office of the MGTO also arranged for souvenirs to be presented to visitors throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. Nearly 180 contestants gathered, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao. This year marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region. Before departure, the contestants formed a group photo of the number "20" at the Grand Sanba Memorial Arch to add joy to the event.
Some contestants also wore special costumes to match the theme of the reunification.
Each contestant, holding a tray carrying a bottle of "Macao Beer", crossed the streets of "Macao Historic City" and delivered the beer safely to the front of the terminal kiosk as quickly as possible. The process was tense and exciting. Along the way, a large number of tourists were attracted to stop and take photos and even cheer up the contestants to show the tourist charm of Macao.
The men's championship was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Sands Center of Macau; the women's championship was Ye Xiaojing of Jiajing Group; and the winners of the most special clothing award were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel.
In the evening of that day, the MGTO invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, the industry and the media, to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
At the dinner, Mr Tam said that the tourism industry in Macao has developed by leaps and bounds in the 20 years since the reunification. However, in the face of constant changes in external environmental factors, the industry is encouraged to think innovatively, build on the success achieved, move forward, adjust strategies, devise new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of the tourism industry in Macao.
At the same time, with the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", the dinner arranged for Macao singers to sing the local original song "Liancheng Family" and six large tourism enterprises to present a number of performances in line with the theme of the reunification, so as to showcase the diversified tourism and leisure elements of Macao and the versatile side of the tourism industry.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day". The purpose is to promote international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
Central Bank Launches 30 Billion Yuan Reverse Repurchase Operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (Reporter Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) On the 27th, the People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation in the form of interest rate tender.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase expired on that day, the reverse repurchase operation of the People's Bank of China realized a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that the 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation was carried out on the same day, with a period of 14 days and a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out a 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" more at ease — — Interview with Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first foreign ministry consular protection public welfare short film went live, and this sentence at the end of the short film resonated with the vast number of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters that the short film aims to further make the public feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and make Chinese citizens feel that Chinese diplomats will lend a helping hand to them and give them help, strength and hope no matter where they are in the world.
There is no small matter of overseas peace, one leaf at a time.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million people per year today. At the same time, the safety of overseas travel of Chinese citizens is more guaranteed, and the target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, overseas students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, and safely evacuated more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
About 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens were accepted and coordinated.
In dangerous times, the motherland can take you home. It is no longer a dream to have a "walk-and-go trip".
According to Cui Aimin, as of the end of August this year, China has concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted Chinese citizens visa-free or landing visas and other entry facilities.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted landing visas to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports, while another 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, have unilaterally granted visa-free entry to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports.
In addition to visa-free and landing visa arrangements, it is becoming more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas and the procedures are becoming more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue 10-year valid multiple visas for each other's travel and business personnel, and the agreement with the United Kingdom to issue 2-year multiple visas for each other's travel, business and family visitors.
Britain and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service. France, Italy and Singapore reduced the visa acceptance time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining more than five-year visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance for business personnel, especially those from private enterprises, to "go out".
At present, China's effective card holding ranks first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, translate the results of diplomatic work into measures to benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, led a team to inspect production safety and the supply of the holiday market during the National Day
He stressed that it is necessary to raise the political position, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do a good job in all kinds of work in a down-to-earth and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation of the city and the supply of the market, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens have a happy, peaceful and peaceful festival.
Chen Jining, Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee and Mayor, inspected together.
The power supply area of Tiananmen District Power Supply Service Center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time to realize intelligent operation and maintenance, evaluation and security of equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation and safe production of power supply equipment, inquired about the important details of power supply guarantee work, and walked into the dispatch command hall to listen to the report on the safe power supply and gas supply work during the festival in combination with the large screen.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the front-line staff and stressed that it is necessary to establish bottom-line thinking, do a good job in fire fighting and other work, go to the scene more, pay attention to the end, and strengthen the investigation of potential safety hazards and equipment operation monitoring at each point one by one to ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
In the Wangfujing Department Store, all kinds of goods are dazzling and full of festive atmosphere.
The Peace Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the walls piled up with green tiles and stone bricks, and the old shops, such as photo studios, grand cinemas, food shops and second-hand book bureaus, are full of strong Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining watched as they walked, listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store cooperating with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian streets to upgrade commercial operations and market supply, and got a detailed understanding of the holiday guarantee situation.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" and "Dabei Photo Studio" to learn about the sales of Beijing's characteristic goods, and ask tourists about the tour experience along the way.
At the Zhang Binggui candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a model worker in Beijing and the son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the unique skills of "one grasp" and "one mouthful clear". Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously carry forward the spirit of model workers.
Cai Qi urged to strengthen market monitoring, ensure sufficient and stable supply for festivals, and strictly control food safety. Shopping malls and other crowded places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "line length" protects the safety of passenger line operation.
Reporters learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration that up to now, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 cities divided into districts and 6 directly administered counties in Jiangxi have "line lengths".
The person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration said that because the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises is a mere formality, the main responsibility of enterprise safety cannot be implemented. Illegal and illegal acts such as overcrowding and speeding of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time, and the road passenger safety situation is relatively grim.
In order to further compact the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for production safety and ensure the safety of passengers, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017 and gradually popularize it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system" and selected 1,334 "line length" management lines, covering 4,824 operating buses.
According to reports, the "line leader" is generally designated by the road transport and passenger transport enterprises as specialized personnel, who are specifically responsible for the management of the people, vehicles and lines of the relevant line, so as to ensure that the person in charge of the line has comprehensive control over the line, vehicles, drivers and operating environment, so as to ensure the safety of the operation of the line.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People ’ s Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Urban Services Department will conduct a special food safety public guided tour from October to December. Food safety educators will visit the “20-year Photo Exhibition of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao ” and the“ Food Information Station ” to enhance the public ’ s understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macao. Members of the public are welcome to participate actively.
Jointly organized by the State Administration of Customs and the Municipal Services Department of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the “Prospective Photo Exhibition on Safeguarding the Safety of Food and Agricultural Products from the Mainland for 20 Years of Work in Macao ” is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building,
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People ’ s Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Urban Services Department will conduct a special food safety public guided tour at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building from October to December at 3: 30 pm on Wednesdays (except public holidays). Food safety education staff will lead a tour of the photo exhibition and food information station. Through on-site graphics, films, cartoons and multi-media interactive games, the guide and explanation of food safety staff will be provided to enable participants to gain an in-depth understanding of the work on the safety supervision and stable supply of food supplied to Macao from the Mainland, as well as the food safety work of Macao food from import to market monitoring, and learn about food safety in daily life, so as to further pay attention to food safety, and give full play to the spirit of “food safety and
Each food safety guided tour will last for about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Urban Services Department's Food Information Station on the first floor of Yau Han Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The fee is free and the quota is limited on a first-come-first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the Food Safety Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank convenient comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched - Chinanews.com
Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform was officially launched.
Xinhua News Agency, Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform was officially launched on September 27 in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a convenient comprehensive tax payment platform for Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, generality, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end connects tax, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social service providers. It provides mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial service points and other online and offline tax payment channels, and the back end connects the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects that benefit the people and facilitate the people. Among them, the project for checking and paying medical insurance premiums for urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
The project has opened up 14 online and offline channels and can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population in Fujian Province.
Online can pay health insurance premiums through "Fujian Tax Tong", "Cloud Flash Payment", as well as the APP and WeChat public number of various banks; offline can pay health insurance premiums in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province by sweeping codes, waving cards, swiping cards and so on.
Shi Dong, vice president of Fuzhou Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax payment services while ensuring direct payment of government revenue and real-time interaction of data and information.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province have opened the function of checking and paying medical insurance premiums, so that rural residents can safely check and pay medical insurance premiums "without leaving the village", so that the public can have a stronger and stronger "sense of acquisition" and "happiness".
According to statistics, since the early trial operation of the platform's urban and rural residents' medical insurance fee collection project for 20 days, the number of service users has reached 840,000, of which 750,000 are online payment users and nearly 20,000 are inclusive financial service point payment users.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology in the country.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the stamped electronic payment voucher directly through the mobile phone.
Fujian tax information network based on block chain technology is being built, and the "expressway" for convenient tax payment will be further widened.
US to deploy more air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the United States will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and a "Sade" anti-missile system in the preparatory deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "Sad" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles claimed by the United States to attack Saudi Arabia.
In his speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Rouhani said that under the condition that all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
He also stressed that only the withdrawal of US troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several unmanned aerial vehicles attacked two oil facilities of Saudi National Oil Company and caused a fire.
The United States accused Iran of the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Sellers plans to increase his holdings. Last year, he called on employees to increase their holdings by up to
On the evening of September 25, Seles (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had increased his holdings of 1,054,200 shares of the company through call auction trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, accounting for 0.5139% of the total share capital of the company, with a total increase of RMB2009.26 million (including transaction costs such as stamp duty, commission and interest) to complete the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Seles, accounting for 4.18% of the total share capital of the company. The controlling shareholder Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") held 82.835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the total share capital of the company. Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei and was the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Seles has offered favorable measures.
Since September last year, in a short period of one year, Seles has successively introduced measures such as executive increase, chairman's bottom-up increase initiative, share repurchase, equity incentive, etc.
On September 18 last year, Seles announced that the company's Liu Wenhao and other seven senior executives who planned to increase their holdings had increased their holdings by 394,300 shares (accounting for 0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of 7.029 million yuan. The plan to increase their holdings has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, chairman and actual controller of Sellers, proposed a plan for employees to increase their holdings of the company's shares and promised that Wen Wei would compensate for any losses.
The period of increased holdings is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of increased holdings of the company's shares shall not exceed 150 million yuan. After increased holdings, the company's shares shall be held continuously for more than 12 months and shall not be reduced. The employee shall be on the job at the time of compensation.
The reporter combed and found that during the above-mentioned time period, the stock price of Seles was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan. Based on the closing price of Seles on September 25 of 20.02 yuan, the maximum floating profit of the increase of employees could reach 42.80% and as low as 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Seles once again approved the share repurchase plan of the company, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to repurchase shares was not less than RMB160 million and not more than RMB280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the announcement of "Seles 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that the equity incentive is based on 2018 operating income, and the growth rates for the four fiscal years from 2019 to 2022 shall not be less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
Judging from the performance of Seles in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the unlocking conditions of 30% performance growth this year.
In the first half of the year, operating income reached 842 million yuan, up 46.50% year on year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.2324 million yuan, up 16.46% year on year.
However, since the mid-2018 report, for five consecutive reporting periods, the year-on-year growth rate of revenue has exceeded 38%, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers as breakthroughs, iteratively upgrading on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business, and promoting the SPD business.
Sellers related sources told reporters that at present, in order to conform to the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Sellers' three major businesses are advancing steadily.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, Seles announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Intensive Operating Platform for Medical Consumables and Daily Operation Management Services" with Lingwu City People's Hospital and Lingwu City Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, with a contract term of three years.
"In fact, Sellers is vigorously expanding its SPD business to provide medical institutions with refined operational services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables, so as to generate long-term revenue."
The above-mentioned person said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Seles won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" of Shaw Hospital affiliated to Zhejiang University Medical College.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very valuable. Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The smooth implementation of the project in the future will also be an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business territory has basically completed the business regional coverage of the national provinces.
Now that Shaw Shaw Hospital has won the bid in another city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate this model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year Seles is also making a layout in emerging areas such as industrial hemp and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers serve National Day transportation.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilized volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their posts from the 28th and provide voluntary services at various points in Beijing. The service will last until October 8.
Prior to this, the Beijing Municipal Leading Group for Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China specially set up a volunteer headquarters. In the early stage, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for colleges and universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The field of voluntary service involves celebration conferences, gala activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day parks, and urban operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 traffic civilized volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers Sub-headquarters: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 capital traffic civilization volunteers conducted traffic guidance and guidance at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway platforms in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" was finally released and set off from the Iranian port of Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
In the middle of last month, the British overseas territory of Gibraltar just released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency, at 9: 00 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" set out from the port of Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The Port and Shipping Organization of the Iranian province of Hormuzgan confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made a formal and written commitment. Although the ship was seized, they did not have any claim.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the "Stena Empire" tanker, also said that the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker in the waters off Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, known as Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released on Aug.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required for the release of the Steiner Empire had been completed.
But Iran said the investigation was still ongoing.
A number of Iranian media have also released a video of the oil tanker setting sail.
On July 19, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" in the Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to the port of Abbas.
The Iranian detained oil tanker Grace 1 sailed out of the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory, seized the “Grace I ” tanker carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of “Grace One ”.
This afternoon, a special meeting on the inspection and rectification work of the province's undergraduate colleges and universities was held in Changsha.
Ulan, Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, stressed that it is necessary to improve the political position, strengthen political responsibility, strictly carry out the inspection and rectification of problems, and promote the high-quality development of the work of Party building, ideological and political affairs and reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Ulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by various undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme of "Do not forget your initiative mind, keeping in mind the mission" is a major arrangement made by the CPC Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme of "Do not forget your initiative mind, keeping in mind the mission".
From the political height of enhancing the "four consciousnesses", achieving the "two maintenance" and fulfilling the initial mission, we should conscientiously complete the various provisions and actions of thematic education, especially the series of problems examined by solid rectification and reform, and do a good job in all aspects of school reform and development, so as to achieve the goal of "promoting both at the same time".
Ulan stressed that it is necessary to adhere to the inward direction of the blade, do a good job in the examination of the problems, in accordance with the requirements of "four controls" and "four looking for one", identify the problems in the standard and table, open up a wide range of ways to solicit the opinions and suggestions of teachers, students, employees, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the ideological point of view, and then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard measures to solve the difficult problems.
We must persist in making precise efforts, strengthen the real reform, and effectively carry out the word "reform" throughout.
It is necessary to do a good job in the combination of thematic education and the work of "cultivating morality and cultivating people", compaction the responsibility for rectification, ensure that the problem does not fall and the bottom is clear, and ensure the effectiveness of rectification and reform.
We must persist in addressing both the symptoms and root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave and tighten the cage of the system, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work has rules to follow and rules to follow, and truly use the system to manage people and power.
Under the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in conscientiously reviewing rectification and reform, take the lead in strict self-discipline at all times, give full play to the exemplary role of the "key minority", and strive to complete the various tasks of thematic education, inspection and rectification and reform.
The responsible comrades of the Party committees of five colleges and universities, including Hunan University, and the responsible comrades of relevant provincial units made speeches.
Two UHV projects have been put into operation
On the 26th, the quasi-east to southern Anhui ± 1100 kV UHV DC transmission project and Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL utility tunnel project were put into operation.
These two projects occupy the commanding heights of the respective fields of power transmission technology in the world. After being put into operation, the large-scale optimal allocation of energy in China will be greatly improved.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the State Energy Administration, said that the project from the east to the south of Anhui is the transmission project with the largest power transmission capacity and the farthest transmission distance in the world.
Its operation is of great significance to promoting the development of Xinjiang energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL, that is, gas insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipe Gallery project has set the record of the highest voltage grade and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and realized the combined operation of the 'AC double ring network' with the highest voltage grade of the backbone power grid in East China.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the project from the east to the south of Anhui is as long as 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is adopted, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost on the way, and the research and development of the project has greatly increased the economic transmission distance to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the project from the east to the south of Anhui is put into operation, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of absorption of existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, the annual power transmission of this line alone will reach 60 billion to 85 billion kilowatt-hours, which can meet more than half of the electricity consumption in Shanghai for the whole year.
The Sutong GIL utility tunnel project is a controlled project of UHV AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines are used to cross the river, it is necessary to build two giant iron towers over 450 meters on the surface of the Yangtze River, and to build an artificial island the size of more than four football fields for each iron tower
In this regard, the State Grid boldly innovated and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river underwater through the tunnel, thus avoiding the impact on the gold channel.
The two projects have pushed China's electrical equipment manufacturing capacity to achieve a new leap.
At present, the State Grid has built a total of "10 crossings and 11 direct" UHV projects, and "4 crossings and 3 direct" projects are under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's Foreign Debt Structure Continues to Optimize The Stability of Foreign Debt Increases
"On the whole, China's foreign debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has increased."
Wang Chunying, spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above remarks when the Foreign Exchange Bureau released the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019 on the same day.
Figures show that as of the end of June 2019, China's full-caliber (including local and foreign currencies) external debt balance was US $199.8 billion, an increase of US $26.3 billion or 1.3% over the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the proportion of medium and long-term foreign debt increased by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, while the proportion of local currency foreign debt increased by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that as China ’ s domestic RMB bonds were included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors ’ recognition of China ’ s bond market was further enhanced and continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"China's balance of payments maintains an overall balance, and the risk of foreign debt is controllable."
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences that at present, the greedy nocturnal moth in Yunnan grassland has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak. The prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, discovered for the first time the grassland greedy nocturnal moth that moved in from abroad. Subsequently, it was confirmed to have occurred in 129 counties in Yunnan Province. The grassland greedy nocturnal moth also gradually spread from Yunnan to the mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
Grassland greedy night moth is a multi-eating long-range migratory important agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the global warning of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, outbreak and destruction".
The pest harms more than 80 kinds of crops such as maize, sugarcane and sorghum. It takes a large amount of food and can cause a yield loss of up to 70%.
The control is very difficult, and there is no registered pesticide for the control of the insect in China for the time being.
Since the grass greedy night moth moved to invade Yunnan, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected researcher Chen Aidong to lead the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences agricultural cross-border pests in collaboration with the green prevention and control provincial innovation team to go to the front line, conduct on-the-spot investigation, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong's team has preliminarily mastered the population characteristics, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, drug toxicity and field control effect of Yunnan grassland.
They actively carried out research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult booby trapping, scientific medication and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%. At the same time, the use of chemical pesticides has been reduced, natural enemy resources and ecological environment have been protected, and technical guarantee has been provided for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak and sustainable management of grassland greedy night moth.
At present, Yunnan grassland greedy nocturnal moth has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak. The prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion, and break through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we should actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring outlets and demonstration areas abroad, so as to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capabilities of the night moth in Yunnan grassland.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins for the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
There are 2 gold and silver commemorative coins, including 1 gold commemorative coin and 1 silver commemorative coin, all of which are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to reports, the front pattern of this set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Beijing Temple of Heaven Prayer Hall, and the country name, year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo" are published.
The pattern on the back of the 8g round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda, and the words "8g Au.999", the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
The pattern on the back of the 30g round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda, and the words "30g Ag.999", the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination are published.
According to reports, 8 grams of round gold commemorative coins are common coins, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, with a denomination of 100 yuan, 99.9% fineness and a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
30 grams of round silver commemorative coins are common coins, containing 30 grams of sterling silver, 40 mm in diameter, 10 yuan denomination, 99.9% color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
This set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Coin Co., Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China has embarked on a development path in line with national conditions
Beijing, 27 sep (zxs) -- the Information Office of the State Council of China released the White Paper "China and the World in a New Era" on 27 September.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper said that China's development depends on self-reliance and arduous struggle.
The development of China relies on the pragmatic spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing", and generations of people continue to struggle and pay unimaginable hard work and sweat; rely on the spirit of "carrying their own burden", whether in good times or adversity, do not lose problems, do not transfer contradictions, do not develop themselves through forced buying and selling and plundering other countries; rely on the exploratory spirit of "feeling the stones across the river", do not follow the old path of imperialism and colonialism, do not copy the development model of Western countries, but combine the reality of China, sum up experience and lessons, learn from human civilization, dare to try, and walk out of their own path.
According to the white paper, China is developing in contact and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's road conforms to China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
China takes practical actions to safeguard world peace.
Over the past 70 years, China has not taken the initiative to provoke any war or conflict, and has not encroached on an inch of land in other countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for China's great success in development over the past 70 years is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
This is a road to establish from the national conditions, put the interests of the people first, reform and innovate, seek common development in the course of opening up, and comprehensively govern the country according to law.
China's size is huge, its national conditions are complex, and the difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without centralized, unified, strong and powerful leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper said that over the past 70 years, China has overcome all kinds of risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
In particular, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes in its development. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong. It is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
This development path of China will show more and more bright development prospects as the times advance.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Cloth Merchants Declaration.
On the 27th, at the 2019 Second World Cloth Merchants Conference held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Cloth Merchants Declaration.
The declaration points out that facing the future, relevant countries adhere to openness and coordination, science and technology drive and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
The current World Cloth Merchants Conference brought together about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win cooperation of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division pattern, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development. The development concept of "science and technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "In order to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, the industry requires the active participation of global textile people, their respective strengths and the sharing of benefits."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration" and jointly expounded the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Business Declaration points out that facing the future, the relevant countries will adhere to openness and coordination, continuously promote the interconnection of industries and markets, and jointly raise the level of development of the industrial chain. We will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capabilities of the industry. We will change the fashion of cohesion, give full play to the role of textile and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, President of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the publication of the World Cloth Merchants Declaration will help all countries to jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and achieve the sustainable development of the textile industry.
For example, Loureno Bartholomei said that the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end ready-to-wear products, while Ke Qiao has a variety of boutique fabrics. "Through this cloth merchants conference, we also look forward to establishing contacts with excellent suppliers in Ke Qiao and seeking more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Cloth Merchants Conference, Ke Qiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading internal files and expanding opening up to the outside world, representing that China's textile image is at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, Secretary of the Keqiao District Party Committee, said that Keqiao will take this cloth merchants conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The median price of RMB measured by Reuters is expected to be around 7.0883 yuan, with a counter-cyclical impact of 460 points.
According to the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism released by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the median price of the RMB against the US dollar is expected to open around 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a devaluation of about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the yuan closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, of today's intermediate price changes, 586 points fell to reflect the impact of market supply and demand, while another 27 points fell to reflect the number of points needed for a basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight. A further 460 points rose to reflect the impact of "counter-cyclical factors".
Reuters calculated that the median price of RMB against the US dollar last day was 7.0947 yuan, a deviation of 218 points from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
According to the median price released by CFETS, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (SDR) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the tallest building in northern China, has completed more than 100 national patent achievements.
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, a building information model independently developed by the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center Project Department of the China Construction Eighth Bureau, which won the Global Award for Excellence in the Global Engineering Construction Industry, in the field of skyscraper construction.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, with a total construction area of 390,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above the ground, and a building height of 530 meters. It covers Grade A offices, luxury apartments, super five-star hotels, etc. Upon completion, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
The relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of China Construction Eighth Bureau said that the amount of steel used in the whole project exceeded 70,000 tons. The welded seam of the high-altitude group was about 376,000 meters, equivalent to 42.5 Mount Everest heights. The welding wire could be used to circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components reached 42,000, and more than 50% were non-standard components. This included double-tube elliptical cross-section steel pipe columns with the world's largest single-layer distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Project are unprecedented.
According to industry insiders, Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center has taken the lead in implementing all-round building information model (BIM) management in skyscraper projects that have been built or are under construction across the country.
Creatively put forward and successfully implemented the "three full BIM application" model with full participation, full professional application and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific verification and then carried out physical construction, thus eliminating the problems that may have occurred in the construction of previous construction projects in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation of the Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Master Meeting and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only achieved one-time excellence in the complex and numerous construction links, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th Sino-Lao Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol and Law Enforcement Completed.
Reporters learned from the Information Office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau on the 27th that at 15: 30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats that participated in the 86th Sino-Lao Myanmar-Thai Mekong joint patrol and law enforcement successfully docked at Guanre Port, China, marking the successful conclusion of this joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanre Port on the 24th. It lasted four days and three nights. China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand sent a total of 136 law enforcement officers and six law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Laos Banxiango and Mengmo.
In addition, the Chinese side also sent a group of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border defense companies of the Lao People's Army to carry out the exchange of police actual combat skills, so as to effectively enhance the emergency response ability of law enforcement members of both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand. They briefed each other on the recent situation of various countries in border management, combating drug crimes and the public security situation in the Mekong River Basin. They held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and judgment and law enforcement cooperation, and reached a consensus. They also held cultural and sports exchange activities among the four countries, and carried out competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, so as to effectively enhance mutual understanding among law enforcement players and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Brigade of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said that after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission, so as to raise the rate of police presence in the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the safety and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
The commander of the Thai side said that since the launch of the joint patrol and law enforcement of the Mekong River, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had close exchanges, deepened pragmatic cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in many fields such as law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the quadripartite law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami said on the 25th that he opposed any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement reached with the United States on Iran's "missile power" would damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders all support improving the missile program.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement in May last year and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement with the United States in order to restrict Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate the tense relations between the United States and Iraq.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the margins of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
After the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi as head of judging
The film "Under the White Clouds", directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, as the only Chinese film, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Golden Kirin Award, the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Under the White Clouds" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, who is "full of peaches and plums". It tells the story of a couple of ordinary Mongolian herdsmen who have some kind of life dilemma caused by different life pursuits. It is starring Mongolian actors Jiri Mutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Clouds" will hold two world premieres during this film festival. The release dates are October 31 and November 3 respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year at venues such as Roppongi and Nippi Valley in Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26, the Organizing Committee of the Film Festival held a press conference and officially announced the list of films competing for the Golden Kirin Award, including the main competition unit, “Asian Future ” unit,“ Special Entertainment Works ”, Japanese Cinema Splash, “World Focus ” and other units and projects.
The person in charge of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese film "Under the White Clouds".
Zhang Ziyi became the chairman of the international judges of the main competition unit of the film festival.
There are 3 Chinese-language films in the “Asian Future ” unit
In the series of units of the Tokyo International Film Festival, its important position is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although only eight films were shortlisted, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" directed by Lu Yi-xin, "Mak Passers-by" directed by Huang Qingxun, starring film emperor Guo Fucheng and film queen Miriam Yeung, and a mainland film is "Summer Night Knight" directed by Youhang.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film "Ice Peak Storm", directed by Yu Fei and starring Hiroshi, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be shown at this film festival as a "special hospitality work".
The spokesperson of the film festival, "Goddess" Alice Hirose, was absent from the press conference for some reason and delivered a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, Yukang Ando, Chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who just took office in August this year, Kumatsu, Director of the Film Festival, and the persons in charge of the film selection of various units took the stage to deliver speeches, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films to be released.
As a special guest at the press conference, director Yoji Yamada, director of the 50th work of the "Yinjiro" series, "The Story of Yinjiro: Welcome Back", two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, Takeshi Takeshi ("Balopola"), Adachi Shen ("Comedy Love Wife Story"), and famous playwright and screenwriter Yichi Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to tell the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international judges of the main competition unit are composed of five people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noel and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Image Market), held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held at the Ikebukuro Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24. This year, a record 401 groups will set up stalls, especially 90 exhibitors from China, an increase of 6.4 times compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day (CHINA Day)", held a number of lectures, seminars, etc., and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in the relevant activities. The welcome dinner that night was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Expansion Project of Chengdu “Panda Planet ” and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Begins
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (Reporter Li Qianwei) Enriching tourism routes with the theme of giant panda culture, the panda base can accommodate 180 giant pandas in the future. The "Panda Planet" and the expansion project of the giant panda breeding research base were officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned to be built in Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built by Chengdu consists of three areas: Beihu District, Dujiangyan District and Longquanshan District, with an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan organically combines the ecological and cultural values of giant pandas with the construction of a beautiful and livable park city in Chengdu to create an ecological home for giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake area and covers an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X".
One core attraction is the reconstruction and expansion project of the giant panda breeding research base; N cultural tourism consumption scenes, that is, panda town, Xiaoyao Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure supporting facilities.
After the reconstruction and expansion of the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu. It is generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site and a place for people and animals to share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the News and Newspaper Digest of the Voice of China of the Central Radio and Television Station, over the past few days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and spoke highly of the development achievements of New China and its significance to global development.
In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the Central Radio and Television Station, Malian President Keita said that he has visited China many times. Over the past 70 years, China's development achievements have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday to China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25th), diplomatic envoys from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great History and Brilliant Achievements - A Large-scale Achievement Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Denisov, Russian ambassador to China, said: Seeing the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, there has been great progress.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held a variety of local activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would start the trial operation of Robotaxi, an unmanned "Class 4" fully self-driving taxi fleet, on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Pony Zhixing has also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded in various places.
Since the 26th, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a dedicated website.
There are "safety officers" on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road providing trial operation is 50 km by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Red Flag EV" of FAW Group of China. It is equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Project" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program is also attended by more than 150 enterprises including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Nvidia of the United States.
Around China's self-driving taxis, Didi Chuxing, China's largest online taxi service provider, has announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai this year.
Competition for self-driving development in China may become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars suggest that "uncertain times" Taiwanese businessmen need to follow the mainland to develop mainstream industries
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovative Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei for two consecutive days on the 26th and 27th.
A number of Taiwanese business representatives and scholars were invited to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management and co-organized by Qunyi Jinding Securities and the Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Businessmen Association.
The two-day meeting was divided into a number of seminars such as transformation and upgrading mode, business strategy and so on. More than 100 people attended the meeting.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, said that trade friction between China (mainland China) and the United States continued, and Taiwanese businessmen faced an "uncertain era".
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times, keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the Mainland, and pay particular attention to innovative products related to the fields of science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen attached importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that it is not enough for Taiwanese businessmen to have the above conditions at present.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extended services and life products and services.
In addition, "value-added services" is also a new area in which Taiwanese businessmen can vigorously develop.
During the speech session of Taiwanese business representatives, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwanese business Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd., from Guangdong, said that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to a sharp drop in orders. The Group started to improve its operating conditions from various aspects such as restructuring and activating assets.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue after taking away the traditional electrical appliance business, transforming automotive electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Helios (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is nothing more than six factors: poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, few varieties and integrity problems. As long as these six points are solved, coupled with timely transformation of production lines and expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwanese Business Award" award ceremony, also sponsored by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Land Company, which operates in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwanese Businessman and Cross-Strait Contribution Award".
New Regulation Soliciting Opinions: Social Capital Must Have Qualifications to Acquire Rural Land Management Rights
Social capital must be qualified to acquire rural land management rights.
"Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" to solicit public opinions and plan to supervise the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to obtain land management rights.
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice on the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Draft for Comments on the Revised Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft for Comments") for public consultation, increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to obtain land management rights.
From now on, the "Draft of Opinions" will be open to the public for comments.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs said that in order to implement the newly revised "Rural Land Contract Law", further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the "separation of three powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" and formed the "Draft of Opinions".
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that there are a number of important amendments to the "Draft Opinions" published for the first time.
The newly revised "Rural Land Contract Law" clearly defines the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of "separation of three rights". The special sections set up "land contract management rights" and "land management rights" respectively, making a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange of land contract management rights and the transfer of land management rights (leasing, subcontracting, shares or other means).
In this "opinion draft", in order to implement the concept of "separation of three powers", effectively respond to the gist of the amendment of the "Rural Land Contract Law", and take into account the great differences between the circulation of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights in terms of parties, procedures, supervision, etc., this revised draft defines the scope of circulation, focusing on the circulation of land management rights, including leasing, equity, etc., and changes the name of the regulations from the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" to the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights".
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be regulated by separate administrative measures.
The "Opinion Draft" points out that under the background of "separation of three powers", farmers only take a stake in land management rights for a certain period of time.
Theoretically speaking, even if bankruptcy liquidation occurs, farmers only have the risk of losing the management right for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and there is also a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of farmers losing land, the practice has produced methods such as preferred shares, rent first and then shares, repurchase and so on.
Considering that the preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocacy regulation to prevent the risk of losing land.
