State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of South Gan.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme of "Remember the original intention and remember the mission," the Central Military-Civil Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research activity on "State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entering the old revolutionary areas in southern Gansu," revisiting the history of the revolution, pursuing the red footprint, inheriting the red gene, carrying out the needs of relevant enterprises and Ganzhou City, and promoting the accelerated development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuang Long, Deputy Director of the Central Military-Civil Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Vice Minister of the Central United Warfare Department, Party Secretary and Deputy Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, and Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee, participated in the research.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metals Research Institute, and 15 dominant private enterprises such as Xinxiang Group.
During this time, the researchers visited the Memorial Park, the birthplace of the Long March of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary pioneers, received the traditional education of the revolution, reviewed the difficult course of the Long March of the Red Army, investigated seven enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou City on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd., made statements on behalf of the Military Industry Group Corporation, Minkou State-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, saying that they would continue to strengthen the demand docking work between state-owned enterprises, dominant private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually expand the areas of cooperation, help the industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the high-quality development of the old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have learned more about the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas in southern Gan, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people and start their own businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation mode, adjustment structure, benefiting the people's livelihood of the former Central Soviet District in southern Gan, and promoting the quality change, efficiency change and dynamic change of economic development.
The Beijing market supervision department carried out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival, and commodity prices were basically stable.
Beijing, September 27 (Reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority inspected more than 2,000 households of various business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruit, vegetables, custard and other necessities of life sold in the market was adequate, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market management order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority that the bureau has launched a "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" in the whole city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other all-element and all-link law enforcement inspection in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively standardize the market operation order.
According to the introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, worked together and worked closely together. The heads of various law enforcement agencies led the team to conduct a joint law enforcement inspection on some of the business subjects randomly selected.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards and production safety system.
The market supervision authorities of all districts also organized joint law enforcement inspections at the same time. A total of more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel were dispatched to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business entities. The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruit, vegetables, custard and other necessities of life sold in the market was adequate, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Regulatory Authority said that during the National Day period, it will strengthen emergency duty, continuously carry out inspection and inspection of the market, quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision issues in accordance with the law, and once the illegal business practices reported by the public are verified, they will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the law and earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences was announced.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was unveiled at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on the 26th and held an award ceremony.
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented awards to the winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted two months. The participants were Cambodian primary and secondary school students (including specialized students) and university students (including social workers).
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the award certificate to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were divided into university groups and primary and secondary school groups. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee. Through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, one first prize in the university group, two second prizes, three third prizes, 10 excellent awards; one first prize in the primary and secondary school group, five second prizes, 10 third prizes and 20 excellent awards.
Lin Wei, winner of the first prize in the university group, said that he has been studying Chinese for 15 years and has had a great impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to use words to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "One Belt, One Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the young generation will continue to add bricks to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows the guests and award winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in the heart" and win the award through the words of her native country.
The organizers said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that the advanced centrifuges of Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement and imposed sanctions on Iran in May last year, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the nuclear agreement reached with major powers in 2015.
According to the agreement, Iran can only use the first generation IR-1 centrifuge to refine uranium.
The other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Kyodo News, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Moggi held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, where he was visiting, and confirmed that he would push forward the negotiation of a peace treaty including the territorial issues of the four northern islands (the disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "four northern islands" in Japan and the "southern Kuril Islands" in Russia), and develop relations between the two countries in a wide range of political, economic and other fields.
This is the first consultation with Russia as the head of the negotiations for the conclusion of a peace treaty after Maoki became Foreign Minister.
Moggi said to the Russian side, "including the promotion of common economic activities (in the four northern islands), we hope to carry out practical consultations."
According to the Japanese government, there was no detailed discussion on the territorial issue.
At the summit meeting between Japan and Russia in December 2018, the foreign ministers of the two countries confirmed the policy of accelerating the negotiations as the heads of the two countries.
At the meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Shigeki expressed his expectation for the tourism pilot business scheduled to be implemented in October, saying, "I hope it will be successfully implemented and lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks also confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the G20 Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa news: On the 27th, the Parliament of Tonga, a South Pacific island nation, elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing the former Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website of Matangi, Tonga's main media, the Parliament of Tonga is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa received 23 votes, defeating the rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with the separation of executive, legislative and judicial powers.
Tuionetoa also had to accept the appointment of the king.
The next Tongan parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup in advance!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by the opponent after winning two games in a row, and finally beat the Netherlands 3-1 to win nine consecutive games.
The World Cup schedule is drawing to a close. Although the defense of the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team cannot be taken lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two games of the match with the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever, with 25:19 and 25:16 respectively. Until the third game, the team encountered a setback.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the aggression of serving when they were lagging behind. The Chinese team was hit by the first pass. Coupled with the girls' eagerness to attack, the mistakes began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back by the opponent at 21:25.
After the game, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third inning, we gave about 8 points because of the mistake."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although they lost one game, everything was still under Lang Ping's control. "It is normal to win or lose games with a strong team and it is normal to play five games, so we said to the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth inning, the players actively adjusted their state. Zhang Changning opened fire on the offensive side and scored 8 points in a single game, making a great contribution to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11 rounds of the competition. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound a wake-up call for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against the Netherlands: The more critical the moment, the more we have to do our best.
In another match on the 27th, Russia and the US women's volleyball team played a full five innings. The US team failed to take all three points from their opponents. Thus, as long as the Chinese women's volleyball team scored all three points in the match against Serbia, they could defend their title in an early round.
All situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all six major players of the Serbian team are missing, this does not mean that they will give the three points to the Chinese team easily.
From the current form of the table, the Serbian team has basically failed to win a medal, which means that they can "lighten up" in the match against the Chinese women's volleyball team and put down their burden to fully attack the opponent, while the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship, and the situation may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbia team is not a lamb to be "slaughtered." Previously, in the first game against the Netherlands, the two sides fought for five games. Serbia's second team finally reversed the Dutch main team 3-2, which shows the depth of its squad.
Before the start of the third phase of the competition, Lang Ping also said that neither the Netherlands nor Serbia could handle it well: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We must prepare carefully as always."
Now, the trumpet of defending the title has been sounded, and the competition has really entered the "white-hot stage."
In terms of strength, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponent. It is only the last critical moment. It also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the court.
The University of Macau held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Symposium" today (27), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, who are engaged in the field of "external stem cell" research, to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
Ge Wei, Vice President (Research) of ANU, said that stem cell research has medical value and is one of the key scientific research projects of ANU. This seminar will help promote the research and development of Macao in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west bank of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, ANU is committed to building a talent training base and science and technology innovation center on the west bank of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Deng Qiuxia, president of the School of Health Sciences of ANU, said that ANU has continuously strengthened its scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years. It has also significantly improved the number and quality of papers. ANU has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a number of well-known scholars shared the cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
JI Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Transformation Medicine of Kunming University of Science and Technology, Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of studying monkeys and human embryos in vitro using a 3D culture system; Jing Nahe, a researcher at the Shanghai Biochemical Cell Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, expounded the spatial and temporal changes of cell lineage decisions and tissues after implantation of mouse embryos from the single cell and molecular level; Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University, showed how to use biological material hydrogel to simulate stem cell micronests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the School of Health Sciences of the University of Australia, Chen Guokai, Assistant President, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Institute of Chinese Medicine of the University of Australia, also introduced their latest important achievements.
The "2nd Macau Stem Cell Symposium" was sponsored by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-sponsored by the Institute of Chinese Medicine of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macau. Chen Kou'an, acting senior manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, participated in the meeting.
The seminar included 11 academic reports, including embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, mechanism research and transformation application of stem cells, biological materials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm, and the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The award ceremony of the National Order of the People's Republic of China and the national honorary title will be held in a solemn ceremony.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the national honorary title will be held in the Great Hall of the People at 10:00 am on September 29.
XI Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the CPC Central Committee and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Order of the Republic," "Order of Friendship" and "Medal of National Honor" to the recipients of the National Medal and the National Honor, respectively, and deliver an important speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the national honorary title will be held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 10:00 am on September 29.
This is the "Order of the Republic."
The "Order of the Republic" is dominated by red and gold, with the national emblem, five-pointed star, Yellow River, Yangtze River, mountains, peonies and other elements. The chapter chain uses Chinese knots, Ruyi, orchids and other elements. It is made of cold-pressed molding, filaments and enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the recipients of the Order to the construction and development of the Republic, salutes the highest honor of the country, wishes the prosperity and prosperity of the motherland, and implies that the people of all ethnic groups in the country are united in building the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the "Order of Friendship."
The "Order of Friendship" is dominated by gold and blue. The chapter body uses elements such as peace pigeon, earth, handshake and lotus. The chapter chain uses elements such as Chinese knot, youth, peonies, jade, orchids and other elements. It is made by hand using traditional techniques such as silk inlay and silk enamel. It symbolizes the friendship, unity and friendship between the Chinese people and the people of all countries, and wishes all countries in the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Honor Medal.
The National Honor Medal is dominated by red and gold colors. The chapter body uses five stars, Tiananmen, peonies, flags, light and other elements. The chapter chain uses Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. It is made using cold pressure molding, filaments, enamel and other processes as a whole. It symbolizes the significant contributions made by the recipients of the National Honor Medal in various fields and industries, demonstrates the leading role of demonstration, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups in the country not to forget their original intention, remember their mission, and make unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhua News Network will broadcast the award ceremony live. The central key news websites such as People's Network, CCTV Network, China Network and other new media platforms such as People's Daily Client, Xinhua News Client and CCTV News Client will broadcast the award ceremony simultaneously.
In a speech at the US Military Academy at West Point, Stoltenberg said: "Over the past 70 years, the containment and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological advantages."
He said, but the times are changing.
Stoltenberg said: "The competition we encounter is becoming more and more intense.
Therefore, we should redouble our efforts to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
He said, "Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in authoritarian countries.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that the future security of NATO "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, "A boat ticket takes me to see" Love for the disabled was held at the head of Orange Island, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Star cruise ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of Xiangjiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
The 56-year-old Zhao Zhengang is a disabled man. He seldom goes out because his feet are inconvenient.
He said: "I took a cruise for the first time today and enjoyed the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River at close range. I felt the pulse of the development of Changsha. I was very excited and unforgettable."
The volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided detailed services to the disabled.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, the volunteers will carry them up and down the cruise ship.
The person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development. Caring for and helping persons with disabilities and caring for and supporting the cause of persons with disabilities have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlight of the media from all walks of life is shining, making many images that we do not usually remember sparkle - it is they who bring heat and light to our shining days.
However, if the hero walks around, he seems to be as ordinary as you and me.
Yuan Longping, who devoted himself to rice research, produced good seeds and ploughed all over the world, so that more than a billion people would no longer be in danger of hunger and discouragement. This man is usually like an old farmer who likes to stroll in the fields; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who worked hard to make China's "eye in the sky" angry, a man, a lifetime and a pot, did only one thing in his life, nibbling on cold steamed buns in the deep mountains of Guizhou, no different from the old man in the stockade; Zhou Ruchang, a red scientist, a village boy who had a very late start, still looked like a red son in his old age, studying in the middle and west, with his shaggy white hair, and liked to laugh when talking about learning to the meeting place; Qin Yi, a film artist with a red half-sky, was over 90 years old, and was willing to play in the plateau for six or seven hours a day, and was willing to act as an unknown old maidservant in "The Legend of the Goblet."
They seek benevolence, live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they are immersed in the cause that outsiders do not understand and they are self-absorbed, they will easily be happy.
Just like in Jin Yong's novels, the scavenger in the Tibetan Sutra Pavilion of Shaolin Temple, although he has amazing martial arts, he is not dazzling, he is not happy or sad.
Every "scavenger" and every red-hearted man has a responsibility for his family.
The responsibility of the country is not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, the words of a female high school student were turned around by netizens. "When a hero passes by, someone always has to sit on the side of the road and applaud... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person who sits on the side of the road and applauds."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding the hero.
People who applaud on the side of the road are also transmitting heat and light. They are also luminous.
Ordinary as you are like me, there are always some opportunities in life. There are some moments, and there is a kind of accumulation over time, which is also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an excellent judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, but let the old master of the transmission room come to the stage to tell his story at the annual meeting. He sent and received numerous newspaper letters in a year. There was no mistake. "To do a simple thing well, it is not simple." Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the old "sweeping monk" style.
This is a pity between the heroes. One hero is applauding another hero.
The scavenger has the Shaolin Temple Tibetan Sutra Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nan Rendong has the "eye of the sky," Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a forum... whether to be a hero depends not only on his own efforts, but also on a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "Chinese Sky Eye" seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still struggling to climb the slope, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet begun to write "Three Bodies."
At that time, the most bullish "eye" was Arecibo, a one-sided radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico Island in the United States, with a diameter of 350 meters, which was considered to be the most "unsurpassed" in the world.
At that time, the diameter of the Chinese radio telescope was less than one-tenth that of other people.
Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insisted on returning home, bringing back a near-crazy idea: To build a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China to receive more information from outer space!
China has a lot of waste to enjoy. Invest a lot of money to play with the stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "Eye of the Sky" project was launched.
It took 12 years to select the site and another 9 years to complete the project.
With the opening of the 500-meter "eye in the sky," China has become a "unique big scientific project in the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "eye of the sky" is great, Nan Ren Dong is great, and the Republic, which is big and stands tall and far away, is great.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanren Dongfang has a chance to become the soul of the country and the heart of the people.
Some young talents and white-haired heroes walked by kindly, and some people applauded softly at the roadside. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Waste classification education is the first to enter Jilin Kindergarten's environmental protection concept from dolls.
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education class to teach young children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
Recently, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste in Jilin Province."
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot of compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefectural-level cities.
Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we can realize the effect of using young children to drive the family and kindergarten to drive the society, and promote the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Fan Er International Kindergarten, who organized the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the park read out the environmental protection proposal and hoped that the garbage classification would start with the children.
After performing the dance of "Low Carbon Beibei," the children started a garbage sorting game in groups.
The guidance teacher also issued "recyclable" and "other garbage" labels, advising the children to stick the labels to the garbage can and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low-carbon and green environmental protection and regularly opened an environmental protection lecture hall.
A classifiable garbage can has also been set up in the garbage disposal area of the park, and the type of waste is marked on it.
The teacher taught the children what is recyclable waste.
According to preliminary statistics, Jilin Province produced about 5.4652 million tons of urban domestic waste in 2018, all of which went into domestic waste disposal sites for disposal.
Of these, 3.2929 million tons were disposed of in sanitary landfills, 2.0923 million tons were incinerated, and 8.01 million tons were treated by comprehensive utilization technology.
After years of efforts, all cities and counties in the province have the capability of harmless treatment of domestic waste.
In the "Work Plan of Jilin Province to Promote the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Local Level," which has been issued, it is clearly required to carry out in-depth activities such as garbage classification into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and to strengthen the interaction between students and parents through the creation of garbage classification songs, ballads, comics and microvideos, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and cultivating a new generation."
Data released by Mazda on September 27 showed that global sales in August were 117,015 vehicles.
As a result of the shortage of new vehicles and the reduction of prices, sales in China fell by 21%.
Japan's domestic sales fell by 6%, and the demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
In August, Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China.
August 2018 was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decline.
Sales of China's main SUV "CX-4" fell by 14%.
Since the launch of "CX-4" in 2016, the effect of new cars has declined for a long time.
As a result of the strategy of raising brand value from a long-term perspective, the reduction of prices is known to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year-on-year, reaching 27,482 vehicles, an increase in 14 months.
In August, the seller's business day was one day higher than that of the previous year. Together with "strengthening publicity and other promotional activities" (Mazda), the sales of SUV "CX-5" and so on increased.
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6% to 14,422.
The company said that the emergency purchase before the tax increase "did not reach the level of the last (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" declined.
The political legacy of Chirac's death is long-lasting.
On the 26th local time, former French President Chirac passed away at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is undergoing major changes not seen in a century, the many political legacies left by the French politician when he was in power still deserve our praise.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years with great personal charm.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Charles de Gaulle, but also firmly supported European integration and was a representative figure in the pursuit of the "European dream."
At the same time, he also strongly advocates world multipolarity and multilateralism and is a politician with strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media described him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of Chirac's favorite political decisions is to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France, together with Germany, resisted the pressure of the United States and took the lead in the anti-war.
One year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to the intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was quite correct.
At a time when European integration is at a loss and the unilateralism of the United States is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and friendly.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "golden decade" of Sino-French relations. After being elected President of France for the first time in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations from the strategic perspective of politicians.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new phase.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France increased rapidly, and the cooperation between the two countries in various fields such as aviation, nuclear energy and railway transport made breakthrough progress.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac has created a brand-new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems of Li Bai and Du Fu and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"It is not true to have been to Egypt without looking at the pyramids, it is not true to have been to China without looking at the terracotta warriors" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency, Chirac said: "The West has some concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political position in the world.
However, I have full confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and shoulder its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that China's revival will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Spaniards are gone, but the political legacy and enlightenment that Chirac left to the world will last forever.
The "7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference," with the theme of "gathering light and enjoying the future," was inaugurated in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly 1,000 experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF) and jointly sponsored by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Five invited reports and 188 forum reports were organized, and 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums were set up to exchange and discuss the research results of big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference aims to strengthen contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, promote multi-disciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry. After seven sessions, it has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, focusing on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has been extended to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
The establishment members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong SAR jointly opposed the US-Hong Kong Bill.
Some establishment members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong SAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing their strong opposition to the adoption of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the foreign committees of both houses of the US Congress.
The statement, co-signed by 40 members of the establishment, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are granted by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong SAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, and signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong strictly abides by international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducts business with different countries and regions, participates in cooperation in many related fields, and has made remarkable achievements.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Committee of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States to pass the relevant bill was not necessary, but only in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and gaining political leverage for its agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the establishment expressed their deep regret and strong opposition to the move by the United States.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the source of the largest trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States will pass this bill, in addition to hitting the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, it will also make Sino-US relations worse, without any benefit and at the expense of others.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the "one country, two systems" principle, continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make due contributions to the international community and international trade.
According to the report of the European Times on the 26th, both houses of the French parliament will discuss the reform of immigration policy next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone," but at the same time, it must strive to "properly accept."
According to the report, Macron is trying to find a compromise route on immigration matters to mitigate the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, Macron said in an interview during the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly in New York that he hoped to have a real "two-pronged" plan on immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Macron said: "If France wants to accept (immigrants) properly, it cannot accept everyone."
Macron listed four key points of the immigration policy: To grant asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of immigrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all immigrants who enter French territory; and to resettle more efficiently those who enter France illegally and are not fit to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic in all walks of life.
Macron said he hoped to be able to "evaluate" the system, but did not abolish it, but imposed certain restrictions on it.
After Macron made these remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right "National League," tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk."
Rascher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party and President of the Senate, also said that the immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face the reality" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Walau, a member of the left-wing Socialist Party, believed that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report pointed out that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for one year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it cannot appease the right-wing opposition parties.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of attack by the far right. Macron needs to do something about this issue, but at the same time, he will risk provoking the left-wing people within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate the immigration policy from September 30 and the Senate from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are experiencing a "buyback wave," and many listed companies have taken out "real gold and silver" to buy back their shares.
According to the statistics of financial data service provider Oriental Wealth, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, same below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, setting a record high for the amount of A-share repurchase funds.
In this regard, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market is low this year. Buying back shares at a relatively low price is beneficial to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow, which is conducive to boosting investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share buyback system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share buybacks.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued the implementation rules for the repurchase of shares of listed companies, providing detailed norms and guidelines for the repurchase of shares of listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, the listed companies that have implemented the repurchase plan are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, in terms of the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies bought back more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, the first is Yili shares, whose repurchase amount is more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice president of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with the China News Agency that the buyback shows, on the one hand, that the listed company has strong economic strength and good financial position, and is able to maintain the stability of the share price and give investors confidence. On the other hand, it also shows that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, the market and the investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have high quality.
For the capital market, this is the core basic element.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and supporting the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the estimates of the Oriental Securities Research Report, based on the estimated number of share repurchases set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of repurchased shares, the incremental capital brought by the repurchase of shares to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
It took nearly two months. The restoration work of the large-scale mural "Monument of the Heavenly Queen" in Tianjin, a key national cultural protection unit, was announced on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
The "Monument of the Queen of Heaven" is a large-scale traditional mural that comprehensively reflects the life of Mazu.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was painted by Cai Changkui, the former director of Tianjin Folk Museum (Tianhao Palace) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north walls of the main hall of Tianhao Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth and fall of the queen, the crossing of the sea by seat and the rise of the feather. 358 characters recreate the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui introduced that in recent years, Tianjin has rainy summers and dry winters. This "wet and dry" has led to the rupture of the murals, which accounts for 60% of the total murals area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Management Committee of Ancient Culture Street in Nankai District of Tianjin City and Tianhao Palace initiated the restoration project of the murals in the Great Hall and the Temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repair as old as old'. At the same time, the original murals have been adjusted in part, and the places where the murals were not perfect have been restored.
During the restoration, we also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink, etc.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were preserved.
The Tianhao Palace was built in 1326. Its original name was Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Mother's Palace. It has undergone many renovations. It is the oldest building complex in Tianjin and one of the earliest Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the commissioning ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
The shape of the terminal building of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix spread its wings," and is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World."
Currently, Beijing Capital International Airport is overloaded, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, making it the second airport in the world to handle more than 100 million passengers a year after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is estimated that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights. By 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million passengers, and the share of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country," how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. The direct distance from Tiananmen is 46 kilometers. It is currently the largest newly built airport in the world.
The ground projection area of the roof-covered steel structure of the terminal reached 180,000 square meters, the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival levels and two departure levels - F1-F4 are international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high speed and the airport outside the terminal corresponds to terminals F3 and F4 - the upper level for international departure, and both floors for domestic departure.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport ushered in the era of Beijing's "double airport."
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development and an integrated transport hub for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region that supports the construction of Xiongan New Area. So far, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines.
In the winter and spring of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This forms a "two-hub" airport pattern with coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport, which not only alleviates the operating pressure of the capital airport's saturated capacity, but also better meets the urgent need for the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. For the first time in China, the airport runway adopts the "all-directional" layout, adopts the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and establishes China's largest terminal control area, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used the homegrown automatic baggage handling and information management system, adopting an innovative baggage transmission model to improve the efficiency of the baggage handling system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralded the phoenix's wings to show off its cool take-off.
The new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a domestic production rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold a conference in November to be transferred to the party age to 16.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold a central congress in early November and intends to amend the party constitution to lower the age of joining the party to 16.
With the approval of the National Assembly to lower the voting age for the general election, Ma Hua announced that the 66th Central Congress, which will be held this year, will put forward proposals to amend the party constitution, including lowering the age for Ma Hua to join the party from the current 18 to 16 years old.
The president of the MCA, Dato Sri Wei Jiaxiang, said that the MCA was scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year. However, due to the by-election of the parliamentary seat of Dandenong Biai, the date of the Congress may be changed.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination date and voting date for the by-election of Dandenong Bi Ai seat, they will meet the next day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of the Central Committee held yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the party constitution. It just happened that Dato Mohamad Fali, a member of the National Assembly of Dandenong Biai of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of illness, so he joined the agenda of the by-election for this seat.
Wang Boxiang, Secretary of the former Shouguang County Party Committee of Shandong Province - Qiang County Fu Min Chizi Xin - Xinhua Net
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong, was born in February 1943 and took part in the work in 1967. He served successively as secretary of the township party committee, secretary of the county committee and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was the party secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During the five years of Shouguang's tenure, Wang Boxiang focused his efforts on three things: First, to promote the industrialization of vegetables; second, to develop the salt and alkaline beaches of Shoubei; and third, to lay the foundation for the transformation of industry, so that Shouguang people have bulged up their pockets and raised their waists.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and also have lessons in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables, but they could not sell them and rotted in the fields.
Wang Boxiang found that the key to catching vegetables is to do a good job in circulation.
Shouguang was the first to set up a wholesale vegetable market and kicked off the development of a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead, and the county should bear all the losses.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhu Village, set up 17 winter warm vegetable sheds. That year, 17 "double 10,000 yuan households" sprang up in the village.
Subsequently, a promotion group was set up in the county. With the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured various towns and villages for guidance. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were promoted. After that, the vegetable sheds spread to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million acres of land in Shoubei, in addition to saline and alkaline beaches, are shallow beaches.
The life of the local people is very difficult.
Shunan has a vegetable shed. What about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to take part in the war and camped on the dry alkaline beach for 40 to 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres of the county ate and lived on the construction site. Like the migrant workers, they carried the burden of carts and slept rough. When the people saw them, they extended their thumbs and admired them. At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields, 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed a "treasure basin" on the saline and alkaline beaches.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as the secretary of the county committee.
During the meeting, a "Comparative Table of Industrial Economic Figures of the 12 Counties of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value was good, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, the net industrial output value of Shouguang is only 119 million yuan, ranking in the bottom third.
Wang Boxiang, with a group of more than 70 people, went abroad to "change his mind."
Less than a year after his return, the county invested 150 million yuan and took on 77 projects.
Since then, they have organized "study tours" to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai every year.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting: In the open selection of plant directors and managers throughout the county, 40 "capable people with career aspirations" stood out and were pushed to the forefront of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to vice mayor of Weifang.
What he left behind were more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "10,000 yuan households," and cadres recognized by the people. The people of Shouguang still affectionately call him "our secretary of Boxiang."
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The current African member of the Security Council, Foreign Minister Tano of Cte d'Ivoire, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jehinawi of Tunisia attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four suggestions on strengthening the cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, build strength through unity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations have been challenged and the role of the United Nations has been affected, harming the interests of the vast number of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to work hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the focus is not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
If China and Africa stand together, they will not only have four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit and influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Security Council.
Second, resolve disputes through negotiation.
China has always advocated the political settlement of hot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many complex problems on the agenda of the Security Council, especially the hot spots in Africa, are mostly the root causes of colonialism, while some are directly related to external factors.
We should jointly use Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in mediation and mediation.
Third, rely on self-reliance.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting the will of Africa, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote the capacity-building of independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourth, development is fundamental.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We must insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other's chosen development path.
China is willing to closely align the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We should jointly promote the United Nations to increase investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has erupted again. China has made and will continue to make every effort to help, provide human and material assistance to the best of its ability, and is willing to coordinate actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, WHO and others to increase their assistance and play the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The neonatal department and other relays saved the small life.
Thrilling!
The pregnant mother of the second child had an early attack. On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week-old premature baby couldn't wait to be born in her father's car.
Fortunately, the obstetrician and newborn pediatrician dealt with it in time, and the relay saved the little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the Obstetrics and Neonatal Department of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born in 120 emergency vehicles, both of which were premature babies at 29 weeks.
Ms Cheng is a pregnant mother with a second child. At 7:00 am on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach. Thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and her first child was born prematurely, she packed up the waiting items and was ready to go to the hospital after taking a bath.
After 9:30, Ms Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I didn't expect that soon after the car left the house, the baby couldn't wait to be born on his father's car.
After 20 minutes, Ms Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
When the hospital security guard saw the panicked couple and baby, he immediately informed the maternity ward. Zhang Huan, deputy chief physician, and four doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord tray.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the co-driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood water under her, and a baby boy was nearby, still attached to the umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan inquired and learned that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. During the journey, the parents did not have time to cover the package for the child. In the early autumn morning, he had a cool feeling. His skin was pale with cold, there was no crying and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan rushed to the deputy driver to handle the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan got into the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped several layers of warmth for the child with the treatment towel and the cloth of the delivery bag, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (pictured). Then he took the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
After hearing the news, the neonatologist immediately rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby was purple and suffering from asphyxiation and lack of oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him a trachea intubation. Within a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat, and the skin color gradually returned to rosy and the recovery was successful.
After being admitted to the hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on an invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he was successfully evacuated the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three days in a row. The other two were born in 120 emergency vehicles, both of which were premature babies at 29 weeks, and are currently being actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of the obstetrics department of the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, the province's women and children have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. The poor handling of this situation may threaten the life safety of mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital as soon as they have abdominal pain, broken water and red eyes.
In case of childbirth at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie flat and put a blanket under her buttocks to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery and sent to the doctor as soon as possible.
Yue Xin Aviation Technology Company officially opened.
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the cooperation memorandum signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the emergence of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair joint company.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore have cooperated to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company's joint venture partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is the beginning of a promising future cooperative relationship between the two sides.
Lim Serh Ghee, President of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of rich experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering will help the associated companies to provide international-class maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of all airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market with great potential in a deep and broad direction.
At the same time, there is a great opportunity to access modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of major countries in the world.
Xinhua News Agency Hefei on September 27, the National Intellectual Property Operations Public Service Platform released the "White Paper on Global Manufacturing Innovation Index" in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of major countries in the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on the contribution of intellectual property rights to the upgrading of Chinese manufacturing. From the macro-level of policy interpretation and the micro-perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing sector, discussed in depth the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing sector, continuously improved the ability of high-quality application of intellectual property rights, and accelerated the construction of intelligent upgrading advantages in the manufacturing sector.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and make suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the application of intellectual property rights.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation Development in Anhui Province for Patent Navigation." According to the measurement results of the Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and High Quality Development Index, Anhui Province's 2018 Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and High Quality Development Index ranked eighth among the 31 provinces, regions and municipalities in the country, and the Innovation Factor Agglomeration Index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly sponsored by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
A number of Olympic champions attended the opening ceremony.
Many Olympic champions will take part in the opening ceremony and the audience will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the Youth Choir.
The 2019 China Open will officially begin filming at the National Tennis Center today. Before the first match of the evening, the organizing committee will hold a short and solemn opening ceremony. Many Olympic champions and famous people from the sports world will gather at the Diamond Stadium. The guests and spectators participating in the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the children of the Youth Choir.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans to spend their holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn. This is the 16th time it has been held.
The total award amount of this year's Chinese Open tournament also reached a new record high, reaching US $11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize money for the women's championship is US $7.64 million. Compared with the two championships in Indian Wells and Miami, the last two women's singles competitions are 96 signings, while the Chinese Open is 60 signings. Therefore, for the players, the Chinese Open is more "cost-effective."
The total prize money of the men's ATP500 tournament at the Chinese Open reached an all-time high, rising from US $3.4 million last year to US $3.52 million. The prize money continued to lead the ATP500 tournament, while the total prize money of the ATP500 tournament held in Tokyo in the same week was about US $2 million.
There will be a short and solemn opening ceremony before the first game scheduled at the Central Stadium tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some players participating in tonight's opening ceremony, there will also be 10 outstanding players from all fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The first match of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first-round match between China's Golden Flower Peng Shuai and Russia's Kasakina. The next second match was played by American rookie Sofia Kenning to challenge the 2015 Chinese Open women's singles champion Muguraza, thus opening the 2019 Chinese Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British Subway News, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She ranks fifth in the line of succession to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world."
The Duchess of York posted the engagement photo of her daughter on the social network on the 26th and said, "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr Mozzi are engaged."
Britain said the two were engaged in Italy at the beginning of this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
The two said in a statement that we are very happy to share the news of the engagement with you.
We are very excited to be able to embark on the journey of life together. We can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th of Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial implementation of the new free throw rule. Each free throw will only be played once, and the score will be determined by the foul.
Among the NBA stars, O'Neill has a low free throw rate.
According to the new rules, two points for a two-point shooting foul, three points for a three-point shooting foul, and one point for a foul.
The last two minutes of the regular time and extra time will follow the previous free throw rules.
Although this regulation will only be tested in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on the current players if the regulation is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new rules may benefit "Big Beard" Harden, while James, who is not so good at free throws, will "suffer."
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a subsidy of up to 20 million yuan.
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the launch of the "Celebrating New China and Welcoming Military Games" series held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office that since this year, the city has accelerated the industrial intelligent transformation and implemented the transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan.
So far, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises above scale has been collected.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Economic and Informatization Bureau, introduced that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consultation and diagnosis services for industrial enterprises above the required scale and proposing solutions to comprehensively promote a new round of high-level enterprise technological transformation.
According to the plan, Wuhan publicly selects a number of specialized diagnostic service agencies each year to conduct an intelligent transformation needs survey for all industrial enterprises above the size of the city by opening columns, questionnaires and door-to-door reports.
So far, it has collected information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises, accounting for nearly one-third of the industrial enterprises above the size of the city.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter enterprises in batches to carry out "one-on-one" on-site evaluation and scheme demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that at present, the city is organizing the implementation of 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total investment of 29.76 billion yuan. Hongxin Communications China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, aerospace science and engineering's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Bio's world-leading new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, Obang smart home Internet of Things intelligent production line and other leading smart workshops and smart factories in the industry have started construction successively.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased its financial and financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment will be completed according to their actual conditions; including equipment and hardware investment, research and development software investment, the transformation subsidy will be 8% and up to 20 million yuan.
At the same time, financial institutions such as Jiaotong Bank and Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank are actively involved in providing personalized financial services for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously easing the pressure of enterprise financing.
Trudeau "collapsed," can he be successfully re-elected?
The "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out this time was dug up by Trudeau himself.
Recently, the Canadian media revealed a number of old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau disguised himself as a black man.
This is considered to be a clear act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian people did not buy it.
Trudeau lifted a stone and hit his foot.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been making high-profile accusations that opposition parties or dissidents in their own party have "suffered greatly" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be dismissed immediately."
In short, the "big pit" that tripped Trudeau out this time was dug up by Trudeau himself.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first started out, he had a whirlwind of "political idol."
Originally a "political vegetarian," after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpected and beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election - the Federal Liberal Party won more than half of the seats in the Federal House of Commons and gained the valuable right to form a separate government.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many inspiring political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality," "ecological environmental protection" and "economic revitalization," emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "improper practices."
However, in the five years since he was in power, he has gone from strength to strength in almost all of the above-mentioned aspects.
Taking the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality," leaving aside the "blackface" incident, he had previously "paid lip service" to a series of issues related to Aboriginal people, causing Aboriginal groups and leaders to move their protest tents to the gate of Parliament Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In terms of eradicating corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the boiling "Lan Wanling Incident."
It was revealed that he put pressure on the departments and officials responsible for investigating and dealing with the major irregularities and malpractices of "Lan Wanling," a construction engineering company in his hometown, and asked the latter to "raise their hands."
Moreover, Trudeau was angry with the official who disclosed the malpractice case after the incident. Wang Zhoudi, mentioned above, was the first Canadian Attorney General to disclose the malpractice case and directly handled the case.
Although there are doubts in the case itself, the suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly due to his own "planing pit," while the biggest "pit" was the "tiger's head and tail," "eating its own fruit" and "being lenient in self-discipline and strict in discipline."
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll data shows that since 2015, the number of respondents supporting Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although the performance of other opposition parties and their party leaders is equally poor, even a considerable number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are not impressed by the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the drama that won a resounding victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is in a state of ultra-saturated operation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's air service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, the Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more subdivided services by serving different domestic and international aviation operations.
The opening of Daxing Airport is more of a positive influence on the Capital Airport from the perspective of business development.
The passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million passengers in 2018, ranking first in the country. However, compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity gap, especially for international routes.
In order to better serve the travel and travel needs of domestic and foreign passengers, and to adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing's increasing openness and international integration, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, with plans to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and cargo and mail throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and both have sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the point of view of economic accounts, the opening of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, ease the tense situation of Beijing's air capacity, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on the travel of the Capital Airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes, such as the lengthening of the security time of crossing the station, the slower boarding speed of passengers, indirectly increasing the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, increasing the burden of airport operation, reducing the burden of shipping through the Capital Airport, and actually improving the travel experience of passengers.
According to the media's estimation of the time and cost of various transport routes to large international airports, for example, from South Wuhuan to Beijing High Speed and directly to Daxing Airport High Speed, you can get it in 50 minutes. The fuel cost is about 40 yuan and the high speed fee is 15 yuan. The choice of the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the ticket price is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Beijing-Xiong Intercity, which is only 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
In general, citizens have a variety of means of transportation to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: Daxing Airport is positioned as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transport hub, so it is a little far from the urban area of Beijing, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, making it easier for more people to travel, which is of great significance to the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport. This can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transport facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line from downtown Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are a number of highways connecting Daxing Airport and surrounding areas.
This is just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via Guangfu, Guangshen and other expressways. Residents of Langfang and Xiong'an New Area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the opening of Daxing International Airport has not only added a few runways and several aircraft. Both from the level of enterprise competition, the level of consumer experience, as well as from the level of regional aviation integration and the integration of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance. It is not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, it provides diversified options for the travel of the vast majority of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, promotes the further improvement of the service quality of Beijing's shipping industry, and is more conducive to promoting the integrated development process of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei and the economic and trade development of the surrounding areas of Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the opening of Daxing Airport, we should not only account for the small accounts of individuals, but also for the overall development.
On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46% - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) On September 27, the small and medium-sized board index opened higher and finally closed at 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46%, from the previous trading day.
On that day, the transaction value of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan compared with the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded by small and medium-sized boards on the same day, 668 stocks closed up, while 15 stocks, including Honggao Creative, rose and stopped; 222 stocks closed down, while 4 stocks, including Shunwei shares, fell; and 40 stocks, including Weixing shares, closed flat.
The 2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum was held in Chengtian Shunhua Province.
Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain the growth trend.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, participants exchanged in-depth views and views on four themes, including the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some outstanding issues in Vietnam's economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and forecasts and suggestions for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally believed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
Trade frictions between major economies have further reduced global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) determined that although the global economy is full of uncertainty and 70% of the world's economies are in a state of stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development has still made many welcome achievements. The macro-economy is running smoothly and inflation is effectively controlled. The consumer price index increased by 2.64% on average in the first half of 2019, the lowest growth rate in the past three years.
GDP growth in the first half of 2019 was 6.76%. Although it was lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, compared with the same period in 2011-2017, the growth rate was still high.
When making a forecast of Vietnam's economic development trend in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that against the backdrop of world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will remain basically stable. The implementation of various free trade agreements will promote trade development. Economic restructuring and improvement of business environment will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade frictions, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, seek opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be controlled at a reasonable level so as to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on August 26 to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
Liu Zhijie introduced that as the second largest economy in the world, China has contributed more than 30% to the growth of the world economy. In particular, China's "One Belt, One Road" initiative, and the cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and the provinces of Siem Reap and the territorial regions has been deepening.
He said that this year is the opening year of the 61 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have a brotherly friendship. The mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
Diseha, Governor of Siem Reap Province, highly praised the great achievements of New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation.
Diseha expects both sides to continue to work together to promote the friendship and cooperation between China and Cambodia, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
Diseha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and China's provinces and cities have been remarkable. So far, it has concluded friendly city relations with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large-scale cultural performance projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, special training courses for Siem Reap provincial government officials, scholarships for Siem Reap students to study in China, village clinics, construction and renovation of urban roads, cataract rehabilitation and public welfare project "Guangming" have been fruitful. In the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
The State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Kan Wensong, the Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Weng Heng, the governors of the five provinces in the region, the Siem Reap branch of the Cambodian-Chinese Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of foreign consulates in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the 10-year "cloud rise" of digital China in Yunqi Town - Xinhua
If you take the 2009 local website forum as the starting point, the 2019 Yunqi Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "in the cloud," big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in the past 10 years.
At the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Battery Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" loaded with Ali Yun artificial intelligence was recently added to the quality inspector.
It is round-the-clock, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the quality inspection accuracy is stable at more than 95%.
According to the head of the company, the "quality inspector" with the camera has concentrated on studying more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert the infrared image into binary language and classify the defective battery pieces.
This enterprise is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing to help transform the manufacturing industry.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprises to Cloud (2018-2020)," which proposed that by 2020, enterprises should strive to achieve a marked increase in cloud awareness and enthusiasm, and a significant increase in cloud proportion and application depth.
Wang Jian, founder of Ali Yun, said that today, data-centered cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has continued to expand.
According to the "White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019)" released by the China Information and Communication Research Institute in July this year, China's overall cloud computing market reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunqi Conference, the "urban brain," which appeared for three consecutive years, still attracted attention.
Ali Yun introduced that at present, the urban brain has changed from a traffic management tool to an urban management center, and relevant cooperative applications have been extended to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithm, the urban brain can realize new urban management service functions such as "parking first and paying later," "real-time perception of the number of patients" and "tourism route design" through strong computing power.
In the field of government services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing," and "hand-to-hand" and "hand-to-hand" are promoted in concert. Cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform across the province through government affairs.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, collecting 19.08 billion data in 3066 categories.
The average number of calls and sharing of data between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times per month. Each additional call flow of data on the 'cloud' may mean that the masses do less errands.
Make tea with plastic tea bags!
According to the "Central News Agency," a recent study in Canada found that a pack of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year, but so far there is no evidence that the ingestion of plastic particles will pose a threat to human beings.
According to reports, researchers from Magill University in Canada found that by dipping plastic tea bags into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year.
According to the research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles each year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. The researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal shops and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes, then analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to this research, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several series higher than the plastic load of other foods."
According to the report, most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many brands of tea bags made of natural fibers still use plastic to seal.
Some brands of tea bags are no longer made of paper and use plastic instead. These plastic tea bags are the object of the researchers' test.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. The researchers defined the size of these microplastics as between 100 nm and 5 mm, which are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers found plastic particles in human excrement samples from several countries in different regions of the world for the first time.
In order to test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put water fleas into the contaminated water and found that microplastics could affect the behavior of these water fleas and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence that the ingestion of plastic particles will pose a threat to human beings.
However, WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact they have on human beings.
The researchers speculate that the reason why these tea bags release a large number of plastic particles may be that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even if the "food grade" plastic is heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, it may break down or seep out toxic substances.
Guterres said the climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster will erode the development achievements of a generation.
This is illustrated by the disaster situation in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes this year.
About one quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or lower.
Relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life and even lead to issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island countries jointly committed themselves to achieving carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030, so they will once again lead the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is accumulating new injustices on top of the old ones.
Although the contribution of small island developing States to global warming is small, they have paid the highest price.
Due to the middle-income status of these countries, many countries are still trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must take action. Now is the time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for finding ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, especially the heavily indebted middle-income countries, to obtain funds.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and preserving the Earth's lifeline, the ocean.
The latest special report issued by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week confirmed that the ocean has suffered the severe consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many regions may experience some extreme sea level rise that would only occur once in a century.
The report warned that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals. In the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
The demands of industry, shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on some external markets, making them vulnerable to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also trying to deal with the security impact of illegal trafficking in human beings, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to realize the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's Ministry of Finance said that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
Indian Finance Minister Sitharaman said on the 26th that the current financial system has sufficient liquidity. Driven by the demand for holiday consumption, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitharaman made the above statement after meeting with representatives of private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions in India.
Sitharaman did not explain the purpose of these remarks.
Previously, some Indian media and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown of India's economy to the liquidity constraints of non-bank financial institutions.
Sitharaman took the decline in auto sales as an example and denied that liquidity constraints were the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitharaman pointed out that the decline in auto sales is mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitharaman predicts that India's economic growth rate may recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumption.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Education Department of Jiangxi Province recently issued a notice, strictly forbidding all primary and secondary schools in the province to make up classes in violation of the rules during the National Day holiday, and will organize personnel to make unannounced visits at random.
In the "Notice on Strictly Prohibiting Illegal Complementary Courses during the National Day Holiday," Jiangxi Provincial Education Department stressed that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely do so during the National Day: No students should be allowed to organize collective remedial classes or take new classes, no subject training courses, special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., and no campus or school buildings should be rented out to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to take part in illegal remedial classes inside and outside the school. In-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in illegal remedial classes organized by out-of-school training institutions or by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from introducing students and providing relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The notice made it clear that for the verified illegal remedial classes in primary and secondary schools, the local education administration department will increase the deduction of points in the high-quality development education assessment of the county-level government in that year; the teachers involved in the illegal remedial classes will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the relevant regulations on teachers' ethics.
Support pig production and guarantee market supply
Sui's loyalty requires the implementation of measures from six aspects.
The province-wide video teleconference to promote pig production and guarantee market supply was held today to mobilize and re-deploy on the implementation of the policy measures of the central and provincial committees and provincial governments to support pig production and guarantee market supply.
Sui's loyalty requires that all measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
Do a good job in the implementation of the "vegetable basket" mayor's responsibility system. This year, the 45 million pigs identified in the province have been broken down into cities and counties and included in the responsibility system assessment.
We should do a good job in the implementation of policies and measures and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of policy implementation.
We will do a good job in the production and implementation of fertile sows, conscientiously implement the subsidy policy for fertile sows, encourage pig-growing enterprises to expand the scale of breeding of pigs, and systematically select excellent sows from the commercial pig population.
Do a good job in attracting investment and take the well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority in attracting investment.
We will do a good job in the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "regulating pigs" to "regulating meat."
To do a good job in the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the scale of breeding and work tasks, and build the first line of prevention and control of epidemic diseases.
Sui's loyalty requires that all efforts be made to ensure the supply of meat market, to ensure that there are no large-scale shortages and widespread supply cuts, and to ensure the stable supply of pork market on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of the African swine fever epidemic, the prohibition and withdrawal of arrests in the important waters of the Yangtze River basin of our province, and the purchase of rice in the middle and late stages of the province.
Talking about the motherland, the soul of the nation, the White Rabbit and other old representatives of Shanghai gave party lessons for college students.
"Me and My Motherland" campus card points to make college students "happy."
On the occasion of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai soap maker, Shao Wansheng, Big White Rabbit, and the four famous old Shanghai names gathered at the "Art Party Course" of East China University of Technology on the 27th. Four representatives of the old Shanghai names, with an average history of more than 90 years, told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old brand.
The product display of old brands on site.
The affectionate narration in the class made the students lament that they did not expect that the product display exhibition of the old brand was carefully arranged outside the class, and the "Me and My Motherland" campus card point made the college students "happy."
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand, White Rabbit Creamy Candy has been actively seeking change in recent years, taking the initiative, adhering to innovation and cross-border cooperation.
The Great White Rabbit, born in 1959, happened to celebrate its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also focused on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary of the Party branch and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in summer, eating drunk shrimp in autumn, and eating drunk crabs in winter clouds," reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating."
The company also further excavates the brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation and comic book packaging design in order to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumers.
The representative of the old name talked about the path of innovation at the "Art Party Course."
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Seafood Restaurant Co., Ltd., also believed that "all innovations cannot be separated from a solid foundation. Every innovation of the old name is a thick and thin process."
The expectation of the old name is hidden in everyone's heart.
With products as the focus, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first "old Chinese brands" in China, Shanghai Seafood also quickly adapted to the market trend, upgraded the brand VI vision, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"The old names can not only be seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets. Now the old names will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All our changes will ultimately achieve the goal that consumers can see, hear and finally be able to buy. "
Ouyang Yinling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd., said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high technology content and high economic benefits.
Through the art party class, the students gained a lot.
The old name has accompanied my growth, carrying the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Song Yuanyuan sighed.
The representative of Shanghai's old brand told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old brand.
Zhou Yiting said that how to tap into the brand culture so that the high-quality traditional culture can be passed on from generation to generation and live forever is a problem that we need to think about and explore as design students.
Based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Art of East China University of Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Old Firm Integrated Brand Innovation Studio," this party class hopes to deeply explore the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the old brands, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of the old brands in Shanghai, enhance the cultural radiant power of the old brands in Shanghai, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "design + culture," and show Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite literature and history masters, painting masters, pottery masters, non-exhaustive masters, architecture masters and landscape masters to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will talk about the innovation and adherence to the Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideal belief of college students, cultivate the patriotism of college students, speak with works, give voice to works, innovate the form of party classes, do the theme party classes that students like, enhance the ideological, theoretical, affinity and pertinence of party classes, improve the infectivity of party classes, and train new people who can take on the great task of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening. I am Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to express warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China cooperated to make the summit a success and declared the firm will of the G20 to the world through the Declaration of the G20 Leaders' Osaka Summit.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit meeting and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring. At the same time, they unanimously resolved to usher in a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China jointly bear great responsibility for the peace and prosperity of Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to deal with the problems facing the region and the world and jointly contribute to the international community, which will be conducive to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations to flourish, and I wish my friends a prosperous career.
"Over-age migrant workers on some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where can I find young workers now?
I don't want to use so many 'old people' on the construction site. There is no way. "
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been an engineering contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented that there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
In recent times, my university has carried out rain and pollution diversion projects. Many migrant workers have appeared on the campus. If you watch carefully, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers are not "idle," but because they "cannot be idle," they have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so." Whether they save money to solve their old-age and medical problems or help their children, they drive these old people who should have been "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old self-reliance" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to read books, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to start a family and raising grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks," their money bags have been emptied and even there are many debts, most of which lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they can't move."
Many new generations of migrant workers in the "80's," "90's" and even "00's" are unwilling to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "labor shortage." These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills and the decline in physical function and working ability, many over-age migrant workers are engaged in jobs with high intensity, low income, high risks and little security.
Being able to work a day is a day, and being able to earn a little more is a bit. The survival predicament of the over-age migrant workers behind "not being idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problem of salary arrears and salary collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income, and improve the living conditions of over-age migrant workers. In addition to their "self-redemption," it is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars have pointed out that over-age migrant workers are unlikely to rely on returning home to plant land to solve their old-age and medical problems. They must support their families through other means.
Understanding the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers who "cannot be idle" helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of the over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and finding ways to make them return to the countryside truly realize "old and dependent," requires the public sector, the market and society to share responsibilities in the benign interaction, and requires the joint efforts of all parties.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export such systems in the next five years because "it will first supply its own military and then export production."
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their own defense needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Grekhov, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Air Force, said that the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" air-to-air defense Kangzern.
This is a new generation of air defense system, which adopts the working principle for destroying ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles and can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3500 km.
In addition, according to some data, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles and aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into a unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from the perspective of national defense.
Sergei Chemezov expressed special concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is in great demand in the world, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic region.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic Air Defense Corps.
According to the news of September 15, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Xindi Island Arctic Air Defense Group has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, this is entirely within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
The news service of the Russian Northern Fleet said, "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace in the Arctic region has increased significantly."
It is very important that, according to the assessment of the military, the system has been used successfully in the far north and Arctic regions.
The officers and soldiers of the air defense regiment conducted training for the new system and were ready to enter the combat duty.
Previously, it was equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, but it still retains part of it.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed at the outer altitude or "leaky fish" close to the protected facilities.
According to open sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system, developed by "Golden Diamond-Antai" Air Defense Conzern, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second within 60 kilometers.
Russia has never hidden that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the airspace security of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of "Tor-M2DT" anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic. They are sufficient to form an anti-aircraft battalion to strengthen the anti-aircraft system in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at that time that the Arctic "Thor" force would be expanded to a complete brigade-level structure in the future.
Together with the S-400 long-range system newly deployed on Novaya Zemlya and Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
It will be very difficult for the enemy's aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and long process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of the Russian goods store, the company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Russia has online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, multi-function instant messaging software WeChat, and has its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian merchandise retail chains.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products.
The store plans to open before the end of this year and put on the shelves the products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the data of the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is as high as 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014 and exceeded US $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To tell the truth, my expectations are higher, and the sales of 500 million rubles are still insignificant.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our products as high-quality and green environmental protection products. "
Kozevnikov said that the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
He said: "Our goal is ambitious. Within three years, we will launch 500 enterprises through this store."
At the same time, the platform will also host the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because Russia's export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Foundation of Plekhanov Economic University of Russia.
"I do not see a large number of Russian goods that are very competitive in the market."
He believed that the project might not really be implemented, but it would help strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
According to the Russian News Agency, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China or other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely, the training project of experts from Taobao University for Russian enterprises. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
At the 2nd China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also serve as the organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also become the center for holding business project activities, agreement signing ceremony, promotion meeting and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The Information Service of the Russian Export Center said, "In addition to the agricultural exhibition stand, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts to support enterprises and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, there will be a master class, a cooking competition and a Russian food tasting session for famous Russian chefs in the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Food" project.
After the autopsy court of Mohamad Adi, who was killed in the line of duty, ruled on Friday that the cause of death was not accidental, the police waited for the complete report and the instructions of the General Prosecutor's Office to take the next action.
According to the ruling of the coroner's court, the police will wait for further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police never terminated the investigation into the murder of Mohamad, and the investigation is still in progress.
On the other hand, Sheriff Noah Zhan said that the police would wait for the complete report of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the functions and powers of the Deputy Chief Constable of Xuzhou at the Xuzhou Police Headquarters on Friday morning.
He said the police investigated the case according to the relevant report.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to call the people who had been recorded earlier for questioning.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken Chang'an Street and its routes as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscaping landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers adorn the capital and dress up for the arrival of the National Day.
Over the past few days, 12 colorful three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take photos.
These flower beds have distinct themes. From the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of the Founding Gate to the end of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of the Fuxing Gate, they bring together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, showing the happy life of the people.
The relevant person in charge of Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau introduced that this year's greening environment layout makes full use of its own innovations and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
As a whole, more than 230 varieties are used in flower beds, including 16 self-bred varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 local plants.
The three chrysanthemum varieties of "cold dew competition," "gorgeous autumn candy" and "gorgeous autumn color" selected by China were used for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has recently carried out a comprehensive renovation of the city's landscaped landscape environment, planting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers and shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of grass root flowers.
At the same time, 200 themed flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's Ring Road, the Chang'an Street Extension, the Xiangshan Monument, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of important tourist attractions. The amount of flowers planted on the ground has reached 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 flower stacks, 5,000 sets of combination containers, and 15,000 flower boxes have been hung, so that the green environment of the capital has been comprehensively upgraded.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change and sustainable development - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (Reporter Xu Xiaoli Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper at the 74th session of the United Nations General Assembly," "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action," "China's Progress Report on Implementing the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019)," and "Earth Big Data to Support Sustainable Development Goals."
"China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly" summarized the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress.
It is pointed out that the proposal made by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the construction of a community of human destiny has become the banner of the diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China participates in international affairs in a more active and constructive manner, making greater contributions to world peace and development and assuming more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of the United Nations: Peace, development and human rights from 10 aspects.
To reiterate that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the United Nations to play a central role in international affairs; to point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world, and the two promote each other; and to stress that in the face of the great changes that the world has not seen in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine areas of action of the United Nations Climate Action Summit and introduces China's policy proposals on international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in dealing with climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards dealing with climate change as an inherent requirement for its own sustainable development and the responsibility of building a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
"China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019)" is the second progress report issued by China after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively summarizes China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The cases of precise poverty eradication, innovation-led development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and joint construction of "One Belt, One Road" contained in the report will provide useful lessons for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The "Earth Big Data to Support Sustainable Development Goals Report" shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making. It reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods to monitor and evaluate the sustainable development goals. It provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the data and methodological gaps and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macau Institute of Technology Alumni Association - Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Works Exhibition will be opened at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Institute of Technology at 6:00 pm on September 29, 2019.
People from all walks of life are welcome to come for guidance.
Well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Integrated Design of the Macao Institute of Technology. They jointly founded the design company in 2013. After five years of hard work, the company has made outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally. The design business is spread all over the world, and the business spans more than 10 countries and 25 cities. They have successfully promoted the team design to the international level.
This time, at the invitation of the Macao Institute of Technology Alumni Association, they exhibited their ingenious design works and shared their experience in starting a business.
In addition to sharing the entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design development of Macau.
The exhibition will be held from September 29 to October 10, 2019. It will be open from 9:00 am to 11:00 pm. It will be open as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
All groups and individuals in Laos were awarded the National Medal and Emblem of Vietnam.
According to the decision issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on the award of the Independence Medal on September 21, Vietnam awarded the Independence Medal to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Vietnam and Laos.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship.
According to the decision, the State of Vietnam decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Vietnam and Laos.
In her speech at the award ceremony, Ms Nguyen Thi Jin Yin stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups was formed from a long-standing historical process. The good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relationship between the people of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Keshan Fengwei Han and carefully nurtured by the leaders and people of the two parties and the two countries.
Ms Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that under the complex and changing situation in the world, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation between the elderly and the elderly are still being consolidated and developed, and are increasingly moving towards deepening and pragmatism.
Ms Nguyen Thi Jin Yin stressed that the award of medals and insignia of the Party and the State of Vietnam to the collectives and former senior leaders of the Lao National Assembly is a recognition by the Party, the country and the people of Vietnam for the great credit of the comrades, and hopes that the comrades will continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the old and the old.
Ms Nguyen Thi Jinyin stressed that the Vietnamese party and country will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao party and country, inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
All groups and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have been awarded the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them honorary awards and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
In the US, e-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the report of the "Central News Agency," on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people had died from e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, while 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
According to the report, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported these figures and said that the specific substances that caused the related diseases had not yet been identified.
However, most patients reported that they had used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that can affect mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette aerosols on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention pointed out that the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to the report, the Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products except tobacco from October.
When will the next bus arrive?
"Internet + Smart Station" lets you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Intelligent Transportation Joint Gao De Map announced that the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" in the country will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 public transport electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade the level of information services in Nanjing, improve the efficiency of public transport services and the happiness of the people.
In the past, the anxious scene of waiting for a bus was staged at the bus station almost every day.
The running time of buses is difficult to predict, the road conditions and vehicle locations along the route are difficult to know. The problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently. Especially in some large cities, the commuting distance is long and the traffic situation is complicated during the morning and evening rush hours, which makes it difficult to guarantee the bus punctuality rate.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Transportation joined hands with Gao De Maps to explore in depth the new direction of "Internet + Transportation" convenience services, and launched the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" intelligent service projects in the country.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + smart station signs" in the country landed in Nanjing, integrating Gao De's data and Gao De's estimated travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on the upgrading of bus electronic station signs and mobile Internet and traffic big data to realize the ability of "bus smart station signs + electronic maps" to publish bus routes and the estimated arrival time of buses.
Through the "Internet + Smart Station Card," the citizens of Nanjing can not only easily obtain the estimated arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops are still away from the current station, but also intuitively grasp the bus road conditions along the way through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus routes through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the technology of "Internet + Smart Station Card," Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "checking the location of the bus before going out, mastering the station time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the arrival time when taking the bus."
According to the real-time public transport information of "Internet + Smart Station Card," choose the travel route that is most suitable for you. At the same time, you can do a good job of psychological expectation and reduce the anxiety of waiting for a car, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 boutique cultural relics of the Summer Palace are on display for the first time.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Administration that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were on display, of which more than 30 cultural relics were exhibited to the public for the first time in the Summer Palace, showing the rich collection of court cultural relics in the Summer Palace and its traditional cultural connotations.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Jijin, Fushu Shou ultimatum, Wonderful Work Extinction, and Enrichment of Color. It shows the audience various kinds of cultural relics such as jade bronze, ancient books and paintings, miscellaneous, porcelain enamel, etc. The equipment shapes and patterns of the exhibits reflect the theme of "Fushou."
Li Jia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration, introduced that there are a large number of high-level cultural relics, many types of cultural relics and a large span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics participating in the exhibition are national-level cultural relics and second-level cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu period.
The Shang Dynasty Zhenggui on display is more than 3,000 years old. It is one of the "oldest" bronze cultural relics on display. The Qingyu Sleeping Bull is huge and weighs nearly 80 pounds. It is carved from a whole piece of green jade and is well preserved. It is very rare. The mountain stone figure Lou Ge Wood Clock, "Nanzhai Collection Painting Book" and "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" are also the first fine cultural relics to be displayed to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of making cultural relics "live," relying on the garden-building idea of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and using the cultural relics on the theme of "happy life" in the garden as a carrier, so that visitors can learn about the deep happy life culture of the Summer Palace through watching the exhibition, carry forward and pass on the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the good wishes of praying for a happy life.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Time Review: Unswervingly follow our own path.
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era," released on the 27th, provides an answer: The fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow its own development path.
Since modern times, in the environment of poverty, weakness and internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people have sought and followed up in search of the way to save the country and save the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been considered and tried, and the results have not worked."
Only with the Chinese Communist Party and the new China did the Chinese people gradually open up a socialist road with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road that China has taken is the road of happiness for the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the road of common development between China and other countries in the world.
It is precisely because it is on the right path that China can do its own thing well, become the world's second largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the White Paper, China's development path, which is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, will show more and more bright development prospects as the times move forward.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of South Orange and North Brier. They understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves. Only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "final conclusion of history" was once famous.
Today, the success of the socialist road with Chinese characteristics announces the end of the "historical conclusion," the collapse of the "China collapse theory" and the failure of the "socialist failure theory."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to realize the prosperity of the country and the strength of the people, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and provided experience and lessons for countries and nations in the world that both want to accelerate development and maintain their own independence to take a path that is in line with their national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path appropriate to their national conditions.
China will not "import" the foreign model or "export" the Chinese model, but will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen exchanges with other countries in governing the country and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
In the Fair Work Commission, it was found that the boss of a Foodworks supermarket fired a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to hire employees from Asian background. The boss's practice was severely criticized as "shameful."
The committee said that Jianbin Wang, the boss of Ms Gail Ayton, who has worked in the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated the employees in a "very unfair" manner and may have violated the anti-discrimination law.
Ms Ayton told the committee that Mr Wang took over the store in 2016. He always "wanted to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, the vice chairman of the committee, Peter Sams, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements published by Mr Wang in various Australian Chinese employment forums."
Among the job requirements listed in these positions, one said "preferred Asian woman" and the other said "preferred Asian employee."
The third post said that he "prefers overseas people (sic)."
Mr Wang fired Ms Ayton by text message in April this year. He later said it was due to her absence from work and the alleged lack of a small amount of cash from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
However, Mr Sams said that Mr Wang's reasons for dismissing Ms Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
In the past three years, she only missed one shift, and the "missing amount" totaled several Australian dollars.
He said that Ms Ayton's dismissal "has nothing to do with her behavior or performance."
He said: "In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement issued by Mr Wang, the real motivation for the respondent to fire her is that he prefers to hire employees with Asian background.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr Wang's actions ostensibly constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr Sams said that in view of Mr Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider restoring her position.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms Ayton, who is a temporary worker with a salary of A $26 per hour.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said that he would submit his ruling and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr Wang's actions should be transferred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said that Mr Wang did not give Ms Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I think that the respondent took an irredeemably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he thought would 'justify' the termination of the employment of the applicant."
"He was wrong... when the respondent dismissed the applicant, he completely ignored any natural and just treatment given to her. What was shocking was his rude and extremely unfair perfunctory behavior."
Mr Sams said that although Foodworks is a small business, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer will dismiss employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner admitted in this case."
He said: "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Guangzhou Railway faces the National Day Golden Week with increasing passenger flow of 175 passenger trains - CNNMoney
Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) The reporter learned from Guangzhou Railway Group on September 27 that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, Guangzhou Railway Group will gradually increase the number of popular direction trains. The total number of passenger trains per day during the holiday period will reach 175, comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during the peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized the three-storey security check passageway, adding 12 new security check passageways. After the new renovation, there are a total of 44 security check passageways in the three-storey waiting room. In addition, in order to smooth the flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Station has added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, for a total of 71.
In order to alleviate the stagnation and congestion of vehicles on the North-South Road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 new parking spaces to ease the pressure of poor traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the rush hour, the A2 exit of Shenzhen North Station will be connected with the subway, with an inspection-free channel to facilitate the travel of passengers arriving during the rush hour.
In addition, the East-West Plaza will normally set up a U-color love express channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Kowloon Passenger Transport Section will carry out all-staff business training to ensure that all the staff responsible for the passenger service learn to master the business knowledge, improve the quality of service, ensure that the train crew will take on every trip with a good spirit and a more professional standard of business quality, and provide better service to the passengers.
Six people denied being involved in the sale of pseudo-Damascus card paper.
Six men suspected of forging and selling Chinese passports, birth registration papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Name Registration Bureau and a businessman with the rank of superintendent, went to court on Thursday. The court judge approved the charges of anti-trafficking in human beings and anti-trafficking in migrants and transferred them to the high court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato's Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, who was also a member of Parliament of Sunset Cave District, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he would no longer be the lawyer representing the defendant and was approved in court.
He said that because he represented the defendant, he drew criticism from political opponents, and his Action Party was also involved.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threats, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the Action Party and the League government or other League leaders, so he made the decision after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Parliament, and the law did not prohibit him from representing any of the defendants. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. Faced with the charges of Article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act and Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents), they all denied their guilt and were not granted bail by the court.
On Thursday, two court judges, Norshaha and Mazlan, after the arguments of both the prosecution and the defense, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges of anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration laws involving the six defendants to the high court for trial. As for the charge of falsifying documents, they will appear in the court on October 3 to wait for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
The previous six defendants were arrested under the National Security Crimes (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the motherland - a sketch by a team of the Armed Police Force
In Jinqiu, on the parade training ground, an armed police unit composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters is busy with training.
The shiny spear, the unique olive green and the bright red shoulder badge together constitute a beautiful landscape.
Recently, the reporter came into this team and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to always be loyal guards of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first."
"The dream shines on the glorious life and writes the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song "Walking with the Motherland," written collectively by the officers and soldiers of the square team.
This song is the motto of every member of the team.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police National Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of soldiers comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as the flag bearer, has always had high standards and strict requirements for training.
He tied a sandbag to practice shape, stuck a stopwatch to practice pace, blindfolded to practice stride, and practiced stability against the strong wind.
In his "bonnet career," there is a picture that is unforgettable.
At a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
When the flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a reference soldier.
The action standard of the base soldier and the flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although the progress of the flag bearer and the base soldiers is only 20 steps away, more efforts should be made in training.
The base soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the tidiness of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced a hard kick.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and pace won the applause of officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of soldier Zhu Xudong participated in the 50th anniversary parade of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps and become a member of the team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but was never discouraged.
He said: "To be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the review of the Party and the people is the honor of my life. I am willing to suffer any hardship."
Walking into the honor room of the square team, the eight big words "the elite teacher of maintaining stability in the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, the political commissar of the square team, introduced that all the members of the square team came from the Beijing Armed Police Headquarters - a force with a glorious tradition. It has successively taken on major tasks such as the Founding Ceremony, the National Day Celebrations, the security of the National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the anti-terrorism stability of the capital. It has produced a large number of British model collectives and individuals such as "flag guards" and "hero squadrons." More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
Han Zheng attended the reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and delivered a speech.
The reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
On behalf of the Chinese government and President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng expressed his sincere thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years since the reform and opening-up, the Chinese Communist Party has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to overcome difficulties and strive for strength. It has successfully stepped out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics and ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, has promoted the overall layout of the "Five Ones," coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, promoted the historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the Party and the country, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China in the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to participate in the cause of modernization with the Chinese people and have made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point. The Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to succeed in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force," vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the cultivation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to the world and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
China will take a more open and inclusive attitude, learn from the people of all countries in the world and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start businesses. We welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, and make greater contributions to the building of a community of human destiny, the peaceful development of the world and the cause of human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was chaired by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by old foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, and responsible comrades from the relevant departments of the central and state organs and Beijing, with a total of about 1,800 people.
The deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27 (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the information of China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the main well of No. 1 shaft of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, the first long tunnel of China's railway - Dali (Li) Rui (Li) Railway, was successfully dug to the end on September 27. The depth of the well was 762.59 meters, breaking the record for the deepest railway shaft in China.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
Song Tao, the chief engineer of the shaft construction area of the Dali Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said, "After the successful excavation of the main shaft of No. 1 of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, it will help to promote the construction of the underground garage, open multiple working faces for the construction of the main hole and flat guide in the later stage, and accelerate the construction progress of the entire Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel uses the well-drilling method. It is equipped with large-scale specialized machinery such as well-drilling derrick, well-drilling stabilizer, well-drilling winch, overall moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill, central rotary rock grab machine. It has formed a "four-system" mechanized pipeline such as mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system. It has realized the full-process mechanized operation of drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, which has greatly accelerated the construction progress.
It is understood that the Dali Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 km and a design speed of 140 km / h. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway corridor.
The Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is 34.538 km long and is the first long tunnel of China's railway.
The scene of the TV series "Fox Hunting" recreates the style of the first-line economic investigation police.
The series "Fox Hunting," which is the subject of cross-border economic investigation, was filmed on the spot at Tianjin Airport recently. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Gulu filmed important scenes such as escorting the fugitive economic criminal suspects to return home. The filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The crew of "Fox Hunting" filmed the key drama that can best show the law enforcement results of "Operation Fox Hunting" at the airport this time - the members of the Fox Hunting Action Team pursued the fugitive back home, took off the plane and signed the arrest warrant.
The crew filmed the tarmac, customs border check, aircraft cabin, hatch and other sets of shots, recreating the arduous journey and professional style of China's first-line investigation police and fox hunting heroes flying in many countries to hunt down the fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the "Fox Hunting" creative team carried out a lot of preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed every execution detail to ensure the most authentic and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will be filmed in many foreign countries.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the level of preparedness of cities to face the AI wave include prospect, realization ability, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the UK, the US, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"When reviewing and evaluating the cities of Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, I think it is very meaningful.
Generally speaking, I think the future of Vietnam is very bright against the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and has done well.
It is important for Vietnam to know how to take advantage of the opportunities brought by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote greater economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's work, communication and lifestyle.
It brings higher efficiency, but it also poses the threat of exacerbating social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world is ready for the breakthrough brought about by the AI era.
Guterres said he was pleased to jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements in the past 70 years.
Guterres said, "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty - the biggest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: Infant and maternal mortality rates have declined, nutrition has improved, the number of people with stunted growth has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has been reduced by half.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world.
The photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations presence in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 sustainable development agenda.
As the second largest contributor to the United Nations regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of the activities of the United Nations.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" soldiers on duty in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, we need to re-establish the global partnership to support multilateral solutions to the global crisis.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard and created unprecedented opportunities for development.
Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the Chinese people's struggle, brilliant achievements and contributions to the world.
UN News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity. China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan Mountain or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, and the story of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, Green Water Green Mountain is Jinshan Silver Mountain.
After continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in solving hot issues, and has become the backbone of world peace.
In the face of major changes that the world has not seen in a century, China actively upholds the international system with the United Nations as the core.
After 70 years, China is young, vigorous and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original intention.
Wang Yi met with Malawi's Foreign Minister Kasela
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Kasela while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, the relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been steadily promoted.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the heads of state of the two countries and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casera said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adhered to the one-China policy and thanked China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day excursions reflect China's tourism supply and demand.
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming "11th" Golden Week!
Big data from a number of tourism platforms show that China's tourism consumption market is booming in both supply and demand.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that with reference to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday will be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities book group tours, free travel, custom tourism, local play and other products through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the estimates of the China Tourism Research Institute, China received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43% year-on-year.
Not only will the number of tourists hit a new high this year, but the consumption upgrade will also become the "main theme" of National Day holiday travel.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This is due to the fact that tourists generally choose products with better experience, such as high-scoring brand hotels, no shopping tours, exquisite small groups, special car guides, etc.
The booking data of Donkey Mom Travel Network shows a similar trend. "Private groups" with comfortable models and fewer than 10 people are more popular than in previous years.
The spring and autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer "easy and slow travel" that emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
The Flying Pig data showed that the number of tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier cities and below grew the fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the upgrading of residential consumption in more regions of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "11th" Golden Week.
According to Ctrip data, orders for car rental self-driving tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year. Short-distance self-driving tours to explore the surrounding small number of routes continue to be popular; the number of applicants for private groups increased by as much as 155% year-on-year.
Sharing happiness has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
Ctrip data showed that 28% of the visitors to the National Day holiday were parents and children, 25% were couples traveling, and 23% were colleagues and friends traveling together.
In terms of the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the more rapid growth of outbound travel during the Golden Week in the past, the performance of the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching."
The Flying Pig data showed that the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes during the National Day holiday increased by 42% year-on-year, outpacing the outbound travel.
According to industry analysis, while the demand is strong, all parts of the country will promote tourism supply-side reform to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast."
For example, the State Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly issued the "Sports Tourism boutique route for the 11th Golden Week of 2019." The 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival, which is being held, will launch seven sectors and 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists. In the run-up to the Golden Week, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have introduced price reduction or free measures for tickets to scenic spots.
Ctrip booking data shows that domestic destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot." Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destinations.
China's first live theatrical film "Now - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of New China" will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast live the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass parade on the big screen through the 4K ultra-high definition signal.
The head of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the National Day, the station will set up more than 100 seats and set up more than 200 sound-picking equipment along Chang'an Street and the high points of the celebration area. Using lens language and simultaneous sound, it will realize the full process, full element 4K ultra-high clearance and 5.1 surround sound live broadcast for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China faced a serious pork shortage and was expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal proteins. The epidemic has caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of pigs in China has been reduced by half and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst in China of the Dutch Cooperative Bank, said that the demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest animal protein importer, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China overtook the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from the emergency reserve before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development.
The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the people of all countries in the world.
The white paper said that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China will unswervingly follow its own path, concentrate on its own affairs, make the country richer and stronger and its people happier, and inject stability and certainty into the complex and changing world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.
China has always taken economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly followed the path of high-quality development, implemented the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open and shared, and accelerated the construction of a modern economic system to better meet the growing needs of the people for a better life.
Allowing the common people to live a good life has always been the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese military has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper pointed out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only want a good life for themselves, but also for the people of other countries."
China adheres to the development of innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of "One Belt, One Road" high-quality development, and promotes global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper said that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative to strengthen guidance to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and diversified opening-up pattern, achieve wider mutual benefit and win-win results, and safeguard and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening up to the outside world will open wider and wider, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the RMB.
The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly safeguard the international system with the United Nations at its core, firmly safeguard the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations at its core, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is China's basic guideline for dealing with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes outside interference in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others and will never allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper said that China has actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations, seeing not only the requirements of China's development for the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China and actively participating in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional set-up and operating model, better fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to it by the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China has actively promoted the innovative development of the concept of global governance, summed up the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explored the positive ways of dealing with the world in Chinese culture and the resonance of the governance concept with the current era, and worked hard to contribute China's wisdom, China's plan and China's strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China has never been absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the open meeting of the Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China has never been absent.
At this moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese Navy has been escorting the waters of the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
The "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund," announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development. To date, 34 Africa-related projects have been launched, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to the peaceful development of Africa, China will continue to firmly stand with Africa and walk side by side.
The world's oldest barber died at the age of 108 and had his hair cut for 96 years.
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Guinness World Records in New York, USA. At the age of 108, he never retired and cut his hair for his guests every day. However, Mancinelli died on the 19th due to complications of jaw cancer, saying goodbye to his 96-year-old hair cut life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old. Before long, he helped clean the floor in a barber shop. When he was 12 years old, he began to pick up scissors to serve the guests, thus reducing the financial pressure on his family.
Although Mancinelli attended primary school, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved to work and people from all over the world liked him. However, although his father had always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work due to physical factors six weeks before his death, but this was not retirement because he planned to come back to cut his hair when he got better.
82-year-old Robert said that after his father's death, he must now find a new hairdresser because he had asked his father to help cut his hair all his life.
During the year, the repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan, reaching an all-time high - Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have begun to buy back shares frequently in the past two years, hoping to convey the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market through targeted buybacks and collective bidding transactions, so as to stabilize the share price and enhance investors' confidence.
According to the data of Oriental Wealth Choice, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares in 2017 were 7.9 billion yuan, surging to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implemented by A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, the highest amount of repurchase funds in A-share history and far higher than in previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of the repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares seems to be the same as the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the implementation subject, source of funds, use of the repurchase, and the rights and interests of the shares themselves.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with the reporter of Securities Daily that the "Opinions on Supporting Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares," issued in November 2018, addressed the problems existing in the current system such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complicated decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As listed companies had been encouraged to repurchase shares from the policy point of view, the phenomenon of share repurchase increased significantly in that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies." The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of funding for the repurchase of shares by listed companies, appropriately simplified the implementation procedures, guided the improvement of governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee ownership plans.
After the opinion was issued, the listed company's share repurchase operation has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler and the share repurchase enthusiasm is greater.
Buying back shares at a relatively low position will also help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thus increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's profit index.
Compared with the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage the market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued share price is the main factor for the repurchase of listed companies. The company's share price can no longer reflect the future development prospects of the company. Therefore, such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot invest blindly. They need to pay attention to the financial reports and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale buybacks at least show the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The buyback enthusiasm of A-share listed companies has gradually increased, which has also normalized the buyback behavior. The data show that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share buybacks this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the buyback market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has bought back 57.59 million shares of A shares through centralized bidding, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total share capital. The total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). The repurchase of shares will be used for the employee ownership plan, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that has been considered and approved by the company's shareholders' meeting.
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchase, and recently adjusted the use of share repurchase. From the original plan, "the repurchase of shares will be used as a source of shares for the later implementation of equity incentives," it was changed to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used for the implementation of equity incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce the registered capital."
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares is conducive to further raising the level of income per share and effectively improving the investment return of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group issued a repurchase progress announcement on September 25, showing that TCL Group bought back 3.59% of the company's shares at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The office of TCL Group's board of directors told the reporter of Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee ownership plans, equity incentives or the conversion of corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the protection of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the secondary market of the company's shares in the past year, and taking into account factors such as the company's operation and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of listed companies to buy back shares can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares in circulation in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important positive for the share price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to buy back shares from the stock market and write them off, which has greatly boosted market confidence.
The buybacks of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially high-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share buybacks. It is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Committee, and the four leaders of the Hunan Army of Engineering Machinery Manufacturing - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Jungen, He Tsinghua and Liu Feixiang - set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - to build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in three or five years.
To build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in Changsha is, in the current fashion, to build "the strongest on the ground."
As the capital city of the inland province, Changsha called out this rhetoric.
It is based on the strength of arrogance.
The four engineering machinery companies that took part in the dialogue, each with their own hands, covered the whole fields of the sky, underground, sea and land: The intelligent light aircraft of mountains and rivers, the concrete transport pump of Zhonglianke Heavy Industries, the all-ground crane of Trinity Heavy Industries, and the tunnel shield of Iron Construction Heavy Industries.
Once upon a time, China had no voice in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
Time has changed, and Chinese enterprises have "brought in" and "gone out" two-wheel drive, taking advantage of the east wind of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative, acquiring, merging and setting up factories. They have become the leaders of the global engineering and machinery industry.
Among them, the leading enterprises in engineering machinery, such as Trinity Heavy Industries, Zhonglianke Heavy Industries, Iron Construction Heavy Industries, Shanhe Intelligence, and other major economic indicators, such as output value, market share and sales, have been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
It is based on the current situation.
Engineering Machinery Xiangjun's "Four Kingdoms" are the best in Changsha's engineering machinery industry cluster, as well as the leading enterprises in the global engineering machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, who can survive and live well is the tough talk.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises fell down. However, the engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha used "cat winter" as "winter swimming," self-pressure, self-breakthrough, and through the transformation of the industrial structure, the transformation from manufacturing to intelligent building not only survived, but also became stronger.
It is based on the joint efforts of the government and enterprises that win the stars.
The development of advantageous industries requires both active enterprise and active government action.
The reason why Changsha has a reputation as the "capital of engineering machinery" is that it has brought together the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, created many related industrial clusters, and greatly reduced the R & D, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology has led to the influx of engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building the world's leading level of engineering machinery.
Both the government and enterprises, as well as the industry, research and commerce related to it, should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the goal, continue to make efforts, and contribute Hunan's strength to the construction of a powerful country.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
Whether in the past, present or future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
Our initiative to hold this foreign ministers' meeting is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council and to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to the vast number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
Both sides should unite their efforts, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance, and govern by development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member countries thanked China for its initiative to hold the meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect. Africa and China have always been each other's most trusted and reliable partners.
Africa appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and active role in African affairs, vigorously promoted the just and reasonable settlement of African issues, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding Africa's interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by addressing security issues can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support upholding multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and opposing unilateralism and bullying. We all agree to strengthen the mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council, and safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries. We all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way and request the United Nations to provide financial support for Africa's independent peace operations. We all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development. We all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of the right to achieve development.
Gansu Qingyang
The autumn of September rendered the Loess Plateau.
The 58-year-old villager Xia Weili filled the trough in the sheep pen with the last shovel of grass and stood by the trough to watch the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. When you get fat in autumn and winter, you can sell it for a good price."
Shaveli said that he fed "special nutritious meals" to the sheep every day, regularly cleaned, sterilized and disinfected, and waited carefully and did not dare to snub.
Shaveli kept sheep for more than 20 years. He didn't know how extensive sheep herding was until he came to work in the cooperative.
Xia Weili is a native of Xia Waterlog Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His left and right neighbors are sheep farmers, but they adhere to the traditional way of raising sheep. The quality of sheep is poor and the amount of output is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shaveli devoted himself to farming all day because he was still holding his breath.
The people who take part in the shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can pay dividends and sell the price at the end of the year, they are counting on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few "good hands" in the village.
The Yimin Farming Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative, with a total of 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed is very popular both inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria. The lake sheep cannot stay in hot and damp places. The sheep shed must be built in a three-sided ring ditch, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the epidemic, it is necessary to spray and disinfect the sheep shed regularly and give the sheep three to four anti-epidemic needles in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "Little Fat Sheep" has to eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat straw and alfalfa, and has a wide enough "playground" to stretch its muscles.
The cooperative adopts the method of custody and surrogacy to guide the local farmers to put the well-bred lake sheep here, uniformly raise, manage and sell them, and realize good breeding, scientific, standardized and intensive farming.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares pay a dividend of more than 6,000 yuan per household each year, and four poverty relief objects with file cards work in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "precise feeding," from "local mating" to "artificial insemination," from "looking at body size and touching belly" to "doing B-ultrasound one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not just a change in feeding methods. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market," overcoming the weakness of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers have become better because of modern sheep farming.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., a leading local company, will buy it at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., said that by providing loan guarantee, sheep supply, order farming, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales services to poor households, enterprises have led more and more poor households to read the "sheep sutra."
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income by "joining" the forage farming, good seed breeding, large-scale farming, slaughter division and market sales of Zhongsheng Agriculture and Livestock.
Qingyang City is located in the agricultural and pastoral interlaced zone in the north and is rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale meat and sheep farms and cooperatives in the city, raising more than 5 million meat and sheep. Two processing production lines with a slaughter scale of 1.3 million meat and sheep have also been built. The sheep are becoming the "leader" in poverty alleviation in the local industry.
The French finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit.
Paris, September 26 (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, while Germany should keep up with France's fiscal stimulus to revive the depressed economy.
When introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said that the latest monetary easing measures of the European Central Bank have created an opportunity for the governments of member countries that can afford to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to reduce borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and boost inflation.
"Low interest rates will not restore prosperity in Europe. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, it needs it now, and the sooner the better. Don't wait for the situation to get worse before taking action," he added.
He has repeatedly made this appeal to Germany.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, giving a great boost to France's economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, and the German economy, which relies on exports, has borne the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that next year, the tax burden of French families will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% in five years, the tax burden of enterprises will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyrs' mausoleum.
In order to thoroughly implement the important guiding spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping and focus on promoting the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities."
The Work Plan is a programmatic document for the protection and management of the memorial facilities for martyrs. It clearly defines the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of the memorial facilities for martyrs. It proposes to plan and build the memorial facilities for martyrs and improve the red education base system for the promotion of the spirit of heroism; renovate and protect the memorial facilities for martyrs and create a strong social atmosphere for honoring heroes and remembering their achievements; manage and maintain the memorial facilities for martyrs and form a well-regulated organization and management system.
The Work Plan clearly states that it is necessary to strengthen the renovation and protection of the memorial facilities for martyrs, in accordance with the principle of overall planning and taking a long-term view, earnestly strengthen the renovation and protection of the memorial facilities for martyrs, focus on improving the leadership system and improving the policy and regulatory system; organize and implement quality improvement projects, improve the facilities and equipment, strengthen the service capacity; optimize the display content, innovate the display methods and enhance the overall effectiveness.
The Work Programme emphasizes the need to improve the system and organizational security, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and the broad participation of society; focus on the implementation of the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the system of laws and regulations, and continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning and management of the construction of memorial facilities for martyrs; strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services, encourage veterans, families of martyrs, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the interpretation and order maintenance of memorial facilities for martyrs; improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to the government's leadership and diversified input, and actively encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the renovation and protection of memorial facilities for martyrs.
Study: The National Healthy Eating Index of the United States has increased slightly but still has challenges - CNN.com
On September 27, according to the report of the American Overseas News Network, a recent US study showed that in the past 16 years, the healthy eating index of the US government has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But with a full score of 100, it is not worth celebrating.
American citizens still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases. These diseases are the most common diseases among American citizens.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on August 24.
The research is based on the conclusions of the health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the US government from 1999 to 2016.
The authors wrote, "Despite the considerable improvement, significant dietary challenges still exist."
It is reported that these challenges include reducing the intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that the intake of these unhealthy fats in people's daily diet increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the American diet is the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the amount of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As for the reasons for the decrease in sugar intake, researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people's consumption of sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugars are often added to even less sweet foods, such as yoghurt and ketchup.
American adults' intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain foods increased slightly.
However, data from 2016 showed that these foods still accounted for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt has decreased slightly and the reduction in drinking fruit juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for 42% of daily calories, many of which come from processed white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on personal health surveys conducted every two years, which will allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The dietary guidelines for American residents issued by the government recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating model" to reduce the possibility of chronic diseases.
The guidelines point out that people should eat more nutrient-dense foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the research period, the number of Americans suffering from diabetes has almost doubled, to more than 7%. The obesity rate has also increased in many years during the research period. Today, about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease is still the leading cause of death in the United States.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyn Vn Ping, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and head of the Central Economic Department, led a delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "Realizing the interface between the EU and Asia: Building bridges for the future of sustainable development."
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy between the two continents of the European Union.
Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the European Commission, said that strengthening the docking is part of the above proposition because it brings benefits to the peoples and economies of the countries concerned.
These relations help to bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believed that the EU wanted to convey the message of increasing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
China's first equity bank financial management subsidiary to set up technology-enabled capital management business
On the 26th, Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Financial Management Co., Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology. The establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks is conducive to the use of scientific and technological means to enhance capital management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank announced that they had been approved by the China Banking Regulatory Commission to establish a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Finance had been officially approved to open.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led a number of joint-stock banks and was the first to establish Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and improve customers' sense of access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" for the development of financial science and technology in China, further enhance the scientific and technological application capacity of the financial industry, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Management, introduced that Everbright's financial management platform will use smart investment, smart investment, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management to better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be used to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation facing the capital management industry, financial technology companies and capital management agencies will use capital management technology to explore new growth paths.
Financial technology to enable the capital management industry is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of capital management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new capital management technology system to enhance the product R & D and wind control capabilities of capital management with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system starts from the four capabilities of product design, sales transactions, asset management and risk assessment to enhance the overall intelligent operation level of the capital management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service capabilities and innovating and enriching products, capital management technology can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and improve the efficiency of capital management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to have deviations in locating customers' risks through questionnaires, but now the use of artificial intelligence to carry out user portraits helps to better locate customers and launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, which helps to resolve risks.
"Other big data such as e-commerce, time and space data can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while resolving the risks, big data technology will also help improve the wind control capability.
The record for the deepest shaft of China's railway tunnel has been set.
Xinhua News Agency, Baoshan, September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu is Guoguo Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel under construction of the University (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on September 27. The depth of the well reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of a railway tunnel in China, which was set in the case of a large influx of water.
The 34.5-kilometer-long Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel of the Dali-Rui Railway is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gaoligong Mountains from the west bank of the Nu River. It is the longest single-hole tunnel in Asia.
This tunnel passes through 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that may be encountered in tunnel construction, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel. It is entrusted with the important task of increasing the operation surface to realize the "long tunnel short strike" and the ventilation of the railway operation in the later period.
The successful excavation of the No. 1 shaft to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel into the horizontal tunnel construction. After the excavation of the underground garage and the replacement of equipment, four operating surfaces can be added underground to speed up the excavation speed of the tunnel's main hole.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation. Because there are many cracks in the granite formation, the water cannot be stopped. It flows continuously from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure is as high as the depth of the well."
Shi Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Dali Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told the reporter that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud flooding and collapse. The construction party invited experts to check the pulse on the spot and discuss the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water inrush in the shaft is maximum, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the well, which is more than 700 meters deep, the water pressure is equivalent to 700 meters deep."
Shi Jingzhao said, "If the water is not pumped and drained in time, the well will flood 10 meters in one hour. We spend almost 85% of our time on water treatment and 15% of our time on digging."
In order to overcome the geological difficulties such as the longitudinal joint development of the surrounding rock of No. 1 shaft, mud inrush water and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts the systematic water control measures of "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of No. 1 shaft has formed a mechanized pipeline such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system. It has realized the full process of mechanized operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, and accelerated the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation of 762.59 meters deep.
With a total length of 330 kilometers, it is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transport infrastructure for the implementation of the "One Belt, One Road" project.
When completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be reduced from the current six hours on the road to two hours, which will greatly improve the transport pattern in western Yunnan and promote economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges between China and South and Southeast Asian countries.
Carrie Lam: As a Chinese, I am proud of the country's achievements.
Hong Kong media celebrated the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"Hong Kong Press Celebrates the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
In her speech at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Carrie Lam, pointed out that the country's achievements in the past 70 years are well known to the world, and we are proud as Chinese.
Carrie Lam, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Political Commissar of the People's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, Chen Yadin, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Celebration National Day Preparatory Committee, Jiang Zhizhong and others attended the reception and served as officiating guests.
In her speech, Carrie Lam pointed out that China has made great efforts in the past 70 years. Although it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome them one by one. The achievements made by the world can be seen by all, and we are proud as Chinese.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the mainland, working together to make progress and share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems," Hong Kong can continue to develop its advantages in the future, grasp the opportunities of "One Belt, One Road" and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, social disputes in Hong Kong have continued. Every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical moment, it is hoped that the friends of the press will continue to rise to the occasion, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the society, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and the return of the society to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang Zhizhong pointed out that the glorious course of the new China is also the process of Hong Kong and the motherland developing together, making progress together, being linked by blood, and sharing honor and disgrace.
In particular, since the return of Hong Kong to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems," "Hong Kong people administering Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together in harmony, watching out for each other, and jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit, win-win results and economic take-off.
To this end, Hong Kong media gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, Hong Kong has witnessed a series of violent activities that flagrantly violate the law and wantonly undermine social stability. Some media have published distorted and false reports, contributing to the violent activities.
He called on the media to create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media personnel should adhere to the professional norms of journalism, guide citizens to consciously and violently cut their seats with truthful reporting and responsible speech, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to send blessings for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City" from October 1, focusing on 15 uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians not following the instructions of traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings, making a list of key management measures and setting corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of the Propaganda Department of Xining Municipal Committee and Director of the Municipal Civilization Office, introduced that since Xining City was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the citizens' civilized literacy and moral level have improved significantly.
However, the uncivilized behavior of pedestrians crossing the road indiscriminately, running red lights and non-motor vehicles not following the traffic indicator lights; high-altitude throwing and window throwing; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing them to defecate and urinate everywhere is still very prominent and easy to bounce back, and needs to be solved as soon as possible.
Taking into account the actual situation in Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and high standards for the civilized behavior of individuals and units from various aspects such as public places, public order, public facilities, public sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building civilized campuses, promoting the construction of civilized families, performing official duties, commemorating heroes and martyrs and medical services, so that the whole society can understand "what can be done," "what can be advocated" and "what is prohibited."
"To formulate and issue regulations to eliminate blind spots and misconceptions in the field of civilized behavior cognition, and to comprehensively regulate citizens' behavior, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, marriage and funeral ceremonies, etc., will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining."
Qiu Huaijun, Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the Xining Municipal People's Congress, said.
Tonight, Beijing Subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed.
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) In the afternoon of today (September 27), the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice saying that between September 27 and October 7, the operation date of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the period of delayed operation, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the early morning of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes.
The operation time of Line 1 will be extended by 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The last bus departure time of all stations along the route will be after 00:30 the next day. The inner ring of Line 2 will be extended by 81 minutes and the outer ring will be extended by 95 minutes. The last bus departure time of all stations along the route will be after 0:20 the next day, and the last bus at Qianmen station will start at 00:50 the next day.
The departure time of the last train of Line 7 Beijing West Station (bound for Coking Plant Station) was extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the departure time of the last train of Coking Plant Station (bound for Beijing West Station) was extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
The British tourist's car key fell into the lake and the whole family was trapped in France for five days.
Recently, a couple from England and Wales took their two children to France for a holiday. As a result, they accidentally dropped their car keys into the lake. The whole family was forced to wait five days to get the new keys made by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It is reported that on September 16, local time, when the British family was visiting a lake in France, her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car key inside fell into the lake.
But they spent several hours and could not find the key.
All their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before leaving, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that there was no danger of the vehicle being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to take the car to a garage for storage, and then re-ordered the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the key to the preparation, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled trip was cancelled due to the loss of the car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially opened tourist visas to 49 countries, including China.
(Dubai 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia will officially open tourist visas to 49 countries, including China. The visa fee is 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Tourists must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Tourists can apply for a landing sign at the airport after the plane has landed, or apply for an electronic signature through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is multiple times a year, allowing tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because it never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, aimed at reducing the country's long-term dependence on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism are important components.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus, Igor Lyashenko, paid a working visit to Xing'an Province, Vietnam.
At the meeting, Du Jinshi, secretary of Xingan Provincial Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xingan Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, helping to promote the cooperative relationship between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of Xingan Provincial Committee, said that Xingan Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises that invest in the province. It is hoped that in the future, Belarus will take more strong measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xingan Province and Vietnam, and assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko expressed his gratitude to Xingan Province for facilitating the production and operation activities of Belarusian enterprises recently.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as low-risk variety food production license, and delegate the authority of foreign enterprise representative offices to the free trade zone.
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Regulatory Authority signed a working memorandum with the Pudong New Area Government, launching 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which were the first pilot in the country.
According to the introduction, the notification commitment means that the administrative organ will inform the applicant of the conditions and requirements stipulated in the laws and regulations in writing when handling the relevant license registration matters.
After the applicant signs the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Experiment Zone to register the names of enterprises, handle the production license of simple and low-risk varieties of food, and approve the type of some metering appliances.
On the 27th, Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the commitment, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food permit can also be obtained on the spot, and also adopted the method of "accepting the shortage," that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some materials in accordance with the time limit stipulated in the notification of the undertaking. "I really feel the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification and acceptance system for food production licenses is the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval process was reduced from the previous six stages of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination, approval and certification" to three stages of "registration, acceptance, approval and certification." The completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to on-the-spot completion.
Taking into account the characteristics of the high degree of extroversion of Pudong's economy, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, making it easier for enterprises to handle them nearby.
Statistics show that this decentralization involves a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
A small survey on the consumption of the "11th" long holiday: Choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
The reporter of Securities Daily recently launched a small survey on the "11th" holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 feedback received showed that although everyone's plans were different, "tourism + consumption" became the key word for the "11th" holiday.
In particular, in the feedback received by the reporter of Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "I plan to take my family to Shanghai during the '11th' period. Disney is the first stop and then go around the surrounding cities." Ms Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "A family of three set out on September 28 and plan a 10-day tour around the island." Miss Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore. Mr Zhang's family in Hebei chose a self-driving tour. He said, "my daughter is less than two years old, it is not convenient to go far away, and I plan to drive to Shandong and play by the sea for a few days."
The "Report on the Travel and Travel Trends of Residents of the 2019 National Day Golden Week," jointly released by Yilong and the same travel, shows that the travel and travel trends of this year's National Day Golden Week are obvious in the three subsectors of travel, residence and travel.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the American Troupe showed that tourism consumption continued to be strong and showed a diversified upgrading trend of "eating, living and playing."
More young people prefer high-quality and distinctive experiences when traveling. The heat of cultural tourism and night tourism continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumer demand were also centrally released during the "11th" period.
Mr Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the reporter of the Securities Daily, "The main plan of this year's' 11 'is to buy a car."
The staff of a 4S store of an automobile brand in Beijing told the reporter of Securities Daily that generally speaking, September and October of each year are called the golden period of automobile sales.
During the "11th" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, store reduction and so on.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models. It is expected that the boost effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of culture, education and other services continues to rise.
Ms Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of the child, cultural and educational consumption has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year's' 11th 'is full. We have to go to the' punch card 'planetarium and children's theatre. We have arranged for several families to set up tents and camp at the Elk Museum on weekends. We have also arranged some listening experience classes. "
Some industry insiders said that, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from subsistence consumption to development consumption and enjoyment consumption. A considerable part of enjoyment consumption is in the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual consumption demand. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, to catch up with the "11th" National Day holiday, there is plenty of time. People are more willing to travel and spend, which can not only meet the spiritual consumption needs, but also reflect the upgrading of residents' consumption.
In the afternoon, he began to feel lonely and did not want to go out. He had not yet adjusted the state of not being with the children.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana: Mom will take you out.
I have carefully written a few things to do when I go out. The personality characteristics of Type A blood are getting stronger and stronger. I feel very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutrition grains, pay, buy sashimi and Nana's snacks.
These are the reasons for going out.
On the phone, I just finished talking to my sister Ai Qiang, thanks to Nana, otherwise I would not even have the excuse to buy snacks.
There was a perfunctory smile, saying that the child called and hung up.
Nana jumped onto the assistant seat with ease and lay down honestly. She knew she was carsick, worried and not willing to accompany me.
Her husband Boo seldom came back early.
He repeatedly praised the delicious salad made with salmon and shea butter, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Take a look at the clock on the wall. It is just 7 o'clock. The sun sets early in the country of sunrise. It is already dark.
The circle of friends are inventing the moon. It turned out to be the Mid-Autumn Festival.
He washed a bunch of grapes from his friends, left half for Boo, and put the rest in his favorite little flower bowl and took it out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes and she ate the skins, and I spat the seeds far away.
The moon is hidden in the clouds. Fortunately, when the clouds are walking, the moon suddenly appears. It is a little harsh when it is dark.
There are all kinds of poems about the bright moon surging in my mind, but I only like this clearly: Every three or five days, I will be reunited / I will be full of light and jade paraphernalia / I will only take it out in the last round of the sky / I will look up.
Maybe we give too much emotion to the moon. For me now, in fact, the saying that God belongs to God and Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The moon is the moon, and the mood is yours.
After eating the grapes, the moon was chilly.
Nana Troupe had a slight snore at her feet and stood up and spread Nana's little blanket on the edge of her little house. Nana lay happily on it.
He opened the door and shouted, "Is the bath water ready?
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moon. Turn off the bathroom light and pull the glass open.
I didn't eat moon cakes or drink alcohol.
The mascot will be unveiled at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The launch ceremony of the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two Emirati children, three flying robots and an Emirati national tree.
The press conference introduced the information of six mascots to the audience through the video clip.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifa, an 8-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo. The blue robot represents "mobility," the green robot represents "sustainability" and the yellow robot represents "opportunity."
An old bean tree was named "Salama," the "old grandmother" of five "little ones," symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Higher Committee of Dubai World Expo, said that mascots can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascots of Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of telling stories, show the creativity of local talents and express our ambitions and expectations."
Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and Director of the Dubai World Expo Bureau Lim Hashimi attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021.
This will be the first time that the World Expo will be held in the Middle East.
From next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate courses based on the results of the college entrance examination.
Recently, Germany's Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign qualifications, announced on the official website: Starting from 2020, Chinese high school graduates can apply directly for German undergraduate courses based on the results of the college entrance examination. They do not need to enroll in domestic universities first.
Before that, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate) in China and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students willing to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants need to meet the following requirements: Complete 12 years of regular compulsory education and obtain a high school diploma; take the college entrance examination and college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750, it must reach 525 or more), and it includes two language scores and one mathematics or natural science score.
In addition, specific majors have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, to apply for medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy and other majors, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology, or take part in the ensemble. To apply for law majors, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history, geography, or take part in the ensemble.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries, including Germany, Britain, Canada and Australia, have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking the UK as an example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University and Leicester University all accept Chinese students to apply for admission based on the results of the college entrance examination.
Military "machine dogs" take the performance class first, Sun Theatre Company: Consider being included in the performance lineup.
The US military has funded the development of "machine dogs" for use in the battlefield. Now they may be the first to enter the circus stage!
Cirque du Soleil recently said it was in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of applying robots to circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics Technology Company announced the promotional video of "Four-legged Robot Spot" on the 24th. The content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot with a weight of 14 kg, with high mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform specially developed for Spot. Users can set their own Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics Technology Company first published the concept of a machine dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but it has not really been put into commercial application yet.
However, Boston Dynamics Technology Company pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the production stage, and the buyers are mainly construction and energy operators.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics Technology Company. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conception stage and is assessing the potential of Spot to be used in the performance scene.
The Information Office of the State Council released the white paper "China and the World in a New Era."
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council issued a white paper entitled "China and the World in a New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Central Propaganda Department and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development direction around issues such as "where China comes from and where it goes," "what kind of world China promotes to build" and "how the developing China gets along with the world," and expounds in depth the relationship between China and the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has undergone tremendous changes, creating an unprecedented development miracle in the history of mankind. In particular, since the 18th CPC National Congress, China's development has made historic achievements and historic changes.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, great significance and world contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that in a few decades, China has completed the development process that developed countries have gone through for hundreds of years. The total economic volume has jumped to the second largest in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have been freed from material shortages and have generally reached a well-off level, enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have created a new world by starting from scratch, self-reliance and hard work. Over the past 70 years, China has developed in its contacts and interactions with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world. Over the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has made contributions to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper pointed out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the socialist road with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road to seek common development in opening up, and a road to comprehensively govern the country according to the law.
China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times. It will show more and more bright development prospects as the times move forward.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that achieving the prosperity and strength of the country, the revitalization of the nation and the happiness of the people is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. All-round opening to the outside world creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods to the international community. China's development provides experience and lessons for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "national strength must prevail."
Faced with the question of "what is wrong with the world and what to do with mankind," the white paper pointed out that the world today is in a major change not seen in a century, and human society is full of hope and challenges.
China has proposed to build a community of human destiny, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation, common construction and sharing, providing new options for human development.
The White Paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations as the core, promote the exchange of civilizations and mutual learning, and jointly promote the building of a community of human destiny and a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper pointed out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the peaceful development, prosperity and stability of the world cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, insisted on win-win cooperation and common development, insisted on maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developed the global partnership, firmly supported multilateralism, upheld international fairness and justice, promoted the joint construction of the "One Belt, One Road" high-quality development, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper pointed out that in the new era, China's determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, its determination to learn from each other and cooperate for win-win results with other countries will not change, and its determination to work with the world will not change.
Finally, the white paper pointed out that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely linked.
The white paper "China and the World in a New Era" consists of a foreword, text and concluding remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper was published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Western, Arabic and Japanese. It was published by the People's Publishing House and the Foreign Language Publishing House respectively, and distributed in Xinhua Bookstores across the country.
Did Ma Hua take part in the by-election for the parliamentary seat of Dandenong Biai, Johor?
The president of the MCA, Dato Sri Wei Jiaxiang, said, "Discuss the Supreme Council of the Communist Party of China!"
The by-election of Dandenong Bi Ai is just around the corner. Whether Ma Hua, a member of the National Front Party, will take part in this traditional national seat is a matter of concern.
However, after the meeting of the Central Committee of MCA, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether the traditional MCA seat would continue to be handed over to MCA or replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the meeting of the Ma Hua Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election would be conducted in accordance with the standard operating procedure (SOP), that is, it would need to pass the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front before it could be decided.
He said that since the Election Committee will not meet until next Monday (1st) to finalize the by-election of Dandenong Bi Ai seat, the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday morning (the 26th), I also met with the chairman of the National Front, Dato 'Seri Ahmad Zahi. We all agreed that it was necessary to regain the seat from the Hope League."
"We have decided to hold a special meeting of the leaders of the National Front in early October. The leaders of the three parties of the National Front will determine which member party will take part."
Asked whether Ma Hua would adhere to the traditional seat of the National Front Supreme Council, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the president of the National Front, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures, so any decision must reach the consensus of the National Front.
"In any by-election, some people are willing to go out. Some political parties and some parties think they should come out. This is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a great test for us to form a political alliance over the years. We believe that the National Front has upheld some valuable values all the way."
"In this process, someone may say something, which is not surprising."
"However, once the Supreme Council of the National Front has made a decision, we must make every effort to prepare for the war, which is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that Ma Hua would make every effort to prepare for the upcoming by-election of Dandenong Bi Ai at three levels, namely, the District Council, the State Council and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by the Chairman of the (Dandenong Biai) District Council, Dato Sri Huang, while the State Council will be led by the Acting Chairman of the Jozhou Board, Dato Lin Peixing, and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by the Acting President of the General Council, Dato Ma Hanshun, and the General Secretary, Dato Zhang Shengwen."
Last Saturday (the 21st), Dato Mohamad Fali, a member of the National Assembly of Dandenong Biai of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of heart problems in the government hospital of Bunzhen at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was ordered to "volunteer to patrol the mountain" for hunting wild animals.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing environmental damage to ecological resources (RMB, same below).
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, achieving the organic unification of legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy procurator of Baokang County Procuratorate, said on the 27th that through three months of "compulsory mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou had established a deep relationship with wild macaques and deeply blamed himself for the previous animal hunting behavior.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was tried in public in the county court and sentenced in court.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, suspended for four years and fined 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing the environmental damage to ecological resources.
It was found that Zhou began to set up a power grid at the mountain cliffs in late January 2014 and hunted more than 20 wild animals, including gazelle, muntjac and woolly deer.
The zebra gazelle belongs to the second-class endangered wild protected animals of the country. The small muntjac and hairy-crowned deer are listed in the "National Land Wildlife Protection List."
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, in view of the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: That is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration costs by carrying out macaque domestication and care work, compulsory mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaque reserve for one year.
As for the prosecutor's proposal, the court expressed its approval and agreed that Zhou should actively fulfill the obligation of "alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs" while carrying out the suspended sentence.
At present, Zhou has been working in the macaque reserve for three months, actively patrolling the mountains and performing well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically using procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment through judicial means.
The United Nations awarded the "Defender of the Earth Award" for "Ant Forest."
Amid warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the head of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, the user representative, stepped onto the podium and received the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Champions of the Earth Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Champions of the Earth" award ceremony was held in New York, United States, on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which uses mobile phone small programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions, won the "Inspiration and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Inge Anosheng, said that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation. It enables hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges faced by human beings and what human beings can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in the action to protect the earth, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Gold Clothing) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulated "green energy" through low-carbon actions such as recording green travel in their daily lives, paying water and electricity bills online, and "planting trees" in their mobile phones.
Every time the user grows a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in the desertification area.
As of August this year, 500 million users of "Ant Forest" have reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertification areas.
In the "Defender of the Earth Award" presented on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. The President of Costa Rica, Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest," which "can inspire so many people to participate in green action, which is impressive."
Jing Xiandong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ant Gold Service, said that the "Defender of the Earth Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that "Ant Forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years. The goal of "Ant Forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come from green mountains and green waters.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it is also hoped to help farmers to increase their income through agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used for reference by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to the introduction, GCash will work with the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines and environmental public interest organizations to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The "Champions of the Earth Award" is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection and is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award. It is the third year in a row that the green innovation project from China won the "Incentive and Action Award" after the builder of the Sehanba Forest Farm in China and the "Thousand Villages Demonstration and Renovation" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The "report card" of the US economy in the second quarter of this year shows that due to the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports, the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed significantly compared with the previous quarter.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring are the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that the US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the previous revised data, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data show that consumption growth has become the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the US economy, grew by 4.6% in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter compared with the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell by 5.7% compared with the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of Ainside Macroeconomic Consulting in the United States, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the growth momentum of last year, but also fell sharply. This was due to the impact of economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty on business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, the capital expenditure of US enterprises is expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, head of the survey and professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said recently that in the latest survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy. This proportion is the highest in a year and a half.
As for the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
Catherine Birch, global economist at the British Economist think tank, predicts that in the future, the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend so far this year, and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, predicts that under the premise that economic and trade frictions will not continue to escalate, the growth rate of the US economy will be 2.3% this year and will slow further to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hazen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than now.
Matt Melly, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade frictions are still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to affect the direction of the US capital market in the rest of this year.
Parents of children aged 0 to 3 can take 10 days per year
Protecting the legitimate rights and interests of women is the embodiment of respecting and safeguarding human rights and an important sign of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Regulations on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region" was approved by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated at the provincial level in Ningxia to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women. It will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Women in Ningxia in 2007. They are divided into nine chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labour and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Children Under the Age of 3," which has relevant descriptions for couples to jointly raise children.
In the process of revising the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed to "encourage employers to give couples with children who meet the provisions of laws and regulations 10 days of joint parental leave each year between the ages of 0 and 3."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the current compilation of personality rights in China's Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the frequent sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, which has become a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of the common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, providing solid institutional support for women to defend their rights.
In addition, with regard to the social hot issue of gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest practical experience of joint interviews to strengthen the punishment of illegal acts of gender discrimination and more vigorously safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, together with the Department of Public Prosecutions, the Department of Civil Affairs and other departments, have promoted and introduced social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence work, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and promote this. Many laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Academician Yuan Longping of Xing UNITA, Inner Mongolia
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Administration Office of Xing UNITA, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that the good news came from the "On-site Inspection and Acceptance of Saline-tolerant Rice at the Work Station of Academician Yuan Longping of Xing UNITA," which was held recently. The average yield of saline-tolerant rice per mu exceeded 1,000 kilograms.
An expert group composed of six experts from Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs sampled and harvested the "Xing Salt Series" rice on site.
After expert evaluation, on land with a pH of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 to 6 per thousand, the average yield of saline-tolerant rice per mu reached 508.8 kg.
Wang Shigang, executive director of Academician Yuan Longping workstation of Xing UNITA, said: "The next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, and to cultivate and optimize saline-tolerant rice varieties again, so that the quality is better and the yield is higher."
Li Yongcai, head of the expert group on production measurement and vice president and researcher of Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: "Under the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that the continuous strengthening of science and technology will continue to produce miracles on the saline and alkaline land."
Xing UNITA belongs to a series of special hardship areas in the southern foothills of the Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, the workstation of Academician Yuan Longping was unveiled in Xing UNITA.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated "salt-and-alkali-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, and to build a 960-acre salt-and-alkali-tolerant rice base in the middle flag of the right wing of Korqin, using the technical route of trial and demonstration while promoting, to help the local poor people increase production, increase income, get rid of poverty and become rich.
This on-site measurement of saline-alkali-tolerant rice not only injected hope for the upgrading of the saline-alkaline medium and low-yield fields of XingUNITA to medium and high-yield fields, but also provided a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline-alkaline rice under the same conditions in China.
According to the Australian Network, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the new state of Australia passed the abortion legalization bill on September 26, local time.
It is reported that the bill has triggered political debate in the past eight weeks. Since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
According to the report, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian and New Zealand Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill considered by the New State Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after the final vote in the new state House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the new state.
The Act allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and also allows a woman to have an abortion later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th. Before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy, the doctor may seek advice from the multidisciplinary group of the hospital advisory committee.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also includes that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive after the termination of pregnancy.
Previously, New State Governor Berejiklian had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berejiklian had intervened several times to gain more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berejiklian defended his absentee vote, saying, "I need to spend time managing the whole new state."
It is reported that Davis, a member of the Australian Liberal Party, was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the new state government because of the bill and said the bill caused a "government crisis."
However, Davis made a concession.
Davis said, "The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors."
At the same time, Barilaro, leader of Australia's New State National Party, said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a crime, and women who undergo abortion will not be treated as criminals."
The major projects of Trinity Group are located in Zhuzhou.
The total investment was 15 billion yuan, focusing on the development of oil smart equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government held a project signing ceremony with Trinity Group.
Trinity Group has invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart steel industry, oil smart equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base), engineering machinery second-hand vehicle market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. The total annual output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
The location of the Trinity Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan, will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even in the central region. It will also be the intelligent manufacturing and processing center of Trinity Group metal structural parts. The total investment of 5 billion yuan of oil smart equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base) project will focus on building a petroleum smart equipment production base and building a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Trinity Group will also build a second-hand vehicle market for engineering machinery in the Automobile Expo Park of Zhuzhou High-tech Zone and carry out practical cooperation in areas such as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 project" to attract investment in the city this year. The party secretary, Mao Tengfei, and the mayor, Yang Weiguo, took the lead in setting up a special coordination group to efficiently dock and advance at a high level, providing high-quality and efficient services for the development of the Trinity Group in Zhuzhou throughout the process. From the intended contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, it was less than 100 days.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state funds to enrich the social security fund.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance, said on the 27th that so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting to transfer some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the SASAC on the same day.
"The transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is a full reflection of the sharing of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long-term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Strengthen the Social Security Fund," requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, positive results have been achieved.
At the central level, the transfer of a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions has been completed in three batches, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of the central financial institutions of the Ministry of Finance to perform the duties of funders has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has reached a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of enterprise transfer was carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed, with the transfer of state-owned capital of 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have successively carried out the preparatory work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the next step in the implementation of the transfer.
According to the notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission, the transfer of some state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made concrete arrangements for the full implementation of the transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer will be completed by the end of 2020.
The working time is tight and the task is heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed in accordance with the requirements; firmly push forward the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state funds to enrich the social security fund - from the starting point of "enriching the social security fund purse," the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition."
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Services, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Promotion of the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Strengthen the Social Security Fund," clarifying the timetable for the transfer of State-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the transfer of some State-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully launched in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the shares of Industrial and Commercial Bank and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two shares transferred exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the undertakers such as the Social Security Foundation, as financial investors, enjoy the right of return, disposition and information of the state-owned shares.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the controlling shareholders and actual controllers of the bank.
In this regard, the author believes that the similar equity transfer of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change of equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The first step in the transfer of some state-owned funds to social security is the "addition result," which can naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises and the sharing of development results by all.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises will continue to achieve excellence and strength.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it would work with relevant departments to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, fully reflecting the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system and the sharing of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of the transfer, "plus results," is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the state funds that have been transferred have the ability to make continuous profits and pay dividends, which can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of fresh water for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the contribution ratio of basic old-age insurance of enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "addition result," is to add a stabilizer to the capital market.
The way in which the main body of the transfer receives the income is "dividend-based and operation is auxiliary."
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the Social Security Fund really focuses on obtaining equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has a strong capital operation capability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of the Social Security Fund in holding shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, which will be conducive to improving the management level of enterprises and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, the social security fund, as an investment weather vane, is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and acting as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to make rational investment and value investment.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of not publishing works in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he created the symphony Miserae (Miserae) and dedicated the work to "my sleeping friends."
In 1935, the symphony was first performed in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman decided not to play any of his works under the Nazi regime.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto. At that time, the manuscript of the piece was stolen out of Germany and had its premiere in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto played by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Music Festival in 2018.
Us Senate approves Scalia as Secretary of Labor - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The U.S. Senate voted to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Secretary of Labor on September 26.
The vote was 53 in favor and 44 against, and no Democrat voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's track record makes him very suitable to serve as Secretary of Labor.
However, in the view of Democrats, Scalia has long been on the opposite side of workers and trade unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
After being accused of giving "leniency" to Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls, Acosta, then the labor minister, announced his resignation in July this year under great public pressure.
Scalia is 56 years old and a partner of a well-known law firm in the United States. His father is the late Antonin Scalia, Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
The Department of Labor is a cabinet-level department of the United States federal government, responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Trump had nominated Peter Geithner, acting director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to officially lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other emergencies in the United States.
Since the first appearance of the 35th anniversary of the National Day parade, every time a major military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day parade is the first appearance of the Rocket Army on Chang'an Street after the change from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the Rocket Army Equipment Team Command Group, said.
The guided missile troops fully carry forward the spirit of being particularly able to endure hardship, be particularly able to fight and be particularly able to give. They are strict in careful training and scientific group training. The military parade training embodies three major characteristics throughout the process, showing a good image of the strategic military service and paying more attention to the strict style of work.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers have strict standard requirements and forged a tough style that is vigorous and forbidden.
They also paid attention to promoting the craftsman spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, practice perseverance and practice style, forming the characteristics of "strong military posture, quick action and bright answers," constantly building a powerful missile phalanx with a rigorous style, and paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic military service, the Rocket Army is a good tradition and advantage in talking about science and technology and emphasizing innovation.
On the basis of the past experience, they broke the mind-set, broke through the traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefits, ensuring that the combination of people and vehicles is not bad, the actions of the team are not bad, and the actual combat standards are even better.
The rocket troops under review adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold every level and keep an eye on every detail, so that the troops under review can undergo the quenching and hammering, and truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination ground to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran has been confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iran nuclear agreement.
On September 27, according to the "Central News Agency," the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on September 26 that Iran had once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement by using advanced centrifuges to produce enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, namely to keep the stock of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium not exceeding 3.67%.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only install about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, which may be used to make nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency stated: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran is developing advanced centrifuges for models 2 and 3... which are accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to Member States on the 26th. A diplomatic official responded, "They are busy at the (Natanz uranium enrichment) facility."
The Vietnam-South Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Vietnam-South Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said that VKBIA will work together to play a bridging role in strengthening the relationship between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step towards achieving the above-mentioned goals.
He hoped that the Party of Vietnam, the government and relevant functional agencies of South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, Vietnam's deputy ambassador to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas. The aim is to expand the space for investment cooperation, help each other make more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economy, and help promote the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the presentation ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea, and was born against the background that the two countries are strengthening pragmatic cooperation in the fields of foreign affairs, national defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of two-way trade volume of US $100 billion by 2020.
Italy's education minister proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education of the new Italian government and member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to the parliament, suggesting that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and air tickets with high sugar content.
It is reported that according to the bill motion proposed by Education Minister Fioramonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on sugary drinks, snacks and other food products that are harmful to health. At the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on airline tickets, 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international flights.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in taxes.
The funds from the tax will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he thought it was a feasible plan. Salvini, an Italian Member of Parliament, European Member of Parliament and leader of the League Party, tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sweets as soon as possible because the new government will start to levy a snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25, local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Ottawa, September 26 (reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, not only profoundly changing the face of China, benefiting its own people, but also having far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch the theme photo exhibition of the 70th anniversary of New China held at the same time.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of world human development and has made important contributions to the promotion of world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as the core. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, benefiting the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can the relations between the two countries move forward on the right track.
On the contrary, the relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations have encountered serious difficulties. The responsibility does not lie with China.
"It is necessary to tie the bell."
It is hoped that Canada will come up with appropriate solutions to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for the relations between the two countries to return to the right track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students attended the reception.
Chen Mingjian, Minister Counsellor of the Chinese Embassy in Canada, and Xiaojun, Minister Counsellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, attended the reception.
At the reception, a photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive literary and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has appeared in a public event since taking up his new duties.
Cong Pei-wu arrived in Canada on September 22 and handed over a copy of the national letter to Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Chief of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was stationed at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Before this trip to Canada, he served as Director of the North America and Oceania Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, and previously served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the UK.
Hanoi, Vietnam, strives to expand cooperation with various parts of Laos.
Mr Nguyen Dezhong reviewed the exchange of visits between delegations of practical significance and affirmed that these activities helped to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Keshan Fengwei Han.
Mr Nguyen Duc Chong hopes that Ambassador Tong Shawan will continue to play a good role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tong Shawan said that Laos learned and learned from many successful experiences of Vietnam and was impressed by the breakthrough development achieved by Hanoi and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tong Shawan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi Municipal Government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the fluctuations of the global situation, the relations between the two countries will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr Nguyen Dezhong will lead the Hanoi working delegation to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Land and Spatial Planning Minister Sofian and ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu attended the reception.
Friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, missions in ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, and award-winning children's paintings on the theme "I and China" attended the reception.
Xiao Qian, China's ambassador to Indonesia, and Huang Xilian, China's ambassador to ASEAN, warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao Qian delivered a speech on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN, saying that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era in China's history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of food and clothing to an all-round well-off, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength. The Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up and getting rich to being strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress. The political mutual trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has been continuously promoted, and exchanges in various fields have been expanded in an all-round way.
China-ASEAN relations continue to improve and upgrade, always adhere to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promote regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and changes of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, have pioneered and developed the socialist road with Chinese characteristics.
This road follows the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
The picture shows the theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, the region and the world.
All the guests watched the wonderful video reviewing the brilliant achievements of New China in 70 years and reflecting the relationship between China, Indonesia, China and ASEAN.
The video, which is divided into three parts: "China's development achievements are brilliant," "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-reaching," and "China-ASEAN relations are improved and upgraded," won warm applause from the audience.
At the reception, a "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi fleet opens trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of the self-driving taxi team Robotaxi was officially launched.
The first batch of 45 "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi fleet, jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag, has been opened for trial operation in the test section of Changsha.
From now on, ordinary citizens of Changsha can log on to Apollo's official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to try the experience.
An experienced passenger said that he sat in the back of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat, and opened the vehicle's self-driving journey with one click.
In the vehicle, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
During the driving process, the vehicle can change lanes intelligently according to the road conditions. It can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles and make automatic avoidance for situations such as close overtaking.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see the traffic light changes and waiting time in front of you in advance. All the traffic conditions are clear at a glance.
Driverless people have heard about it on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it is amazing to find it in our life.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road passes through Changsha's Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu, Dawangshan and Hi-tech Zone, with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently China's longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex coverage scene and the most advanced intelligent driving demonstration area with the most advanced road coordination infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the trial operation road of Apollo Robotaxi team in Changsha will cover about 50 km. In the first half of 2020, it is planned to cover 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha.
Lang Ping, the winner of the women's volleyball team, is still dissatisfied: It will be difficult to make so many mistakes in playing a strong team.
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup, against the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. In the end, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3-1 and ushered in the ninth consecutive win of the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
However, Lang Ping, head coach of the women's volleyball team, still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third inning.
"In the third inning, the other side strengthened the attack of the serve. Some of us (first pass) were not in place and could not attack the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It is difficult to make so many mistakes when playing with a strong team."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to focus. The first pass was not in place. We had to adjust the attack well. In addition, we had to defend against each other."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack and was anxious. She was too eager to kill the ball and her movements would be distorted.
I hope she will be patient and "we will protect her."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
(70 Years of New China) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and challenge.
The white paper pointed out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid increase of China's overall national strength and international influence, some people in the international community are worried that China will follow the path of "national strength and hegemony," and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory."
This includes cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudice, psychological imbalance brought about by the growth of power, and deliberate distortion to safeguard one's vested interests.
Realizing the prosperity and strength of the country, the revitalization of the nation and the happiness of the people is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge."
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new momentum into world economic growth. In the future, the role of the stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent.
At present, the momentum of world economic growth is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is changing from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New types of industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization have been accelerated. The economic structure has been deeply adjusted, industrial optimization has been continuously upgraded, and new economic growth points have been emerging.
"The research report of McKinsey Global Institute believes that by 2040, the integration of China and other economies in the world is expected to create an economic value of US $22 trillion to US $37 trillion, equivalent to 15% to 26% of the total global economy. Strengthening cooperation between other economies in the world and China will create huge economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic operation, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term benefit to the development of the world economy.
Considering China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge," trying to push China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain and "decoupling" China from the world economy is neither feasible nor harmful.
The white paper pointed out that all-round opening-up will create more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend."
China unswervingly pursues a mutually beneficial and win-win opening-up strategy, achieving greater strength and a higher level of opening-up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale will benefit more countries.
"Opening up should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
Mutual benefit and two-way cooperation can last for a long time. "
The white paper said that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, easing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection. Other countries should also expand opening-up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties move towards each other can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development larger and larger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper pointed out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the "Belt and Road," building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community and has never forgotten to give back to the international community to provide more and better public goods to the international community."
Andrei Slipniov, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said in a written interview with Xinhua News Agency recently that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the field of economy and trade, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russia's exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a large proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil and fat products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
When talking about optimizing Russia's export structure to China, Slipniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from all countries and regions of the world, including China.
Next, Russia will improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of high-tech enterprises.
Slipniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of medicine and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with their Western counterparts.
Talking about the two countries' goal of achieving a bilateral trade volume of US $200 billion by 2024, Slipniov said that agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to promote its exporters to enter the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemical industry are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries."
Slipniov said that the Russian export center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
There has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions that use RMB to pay.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by the World Bank Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT) in London on the 26th showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, there was a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay.
At the 2019 London Annual Meeting of the World Bank Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT), the "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by the agency, entitled "Insight of Renminbi from a London Perspective," showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay increased by 11.31%, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions using RMB payments in Africa and the Middle East increased the most, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
The report shows that as of August 2019, the share of RMB in the global payment currency was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
According to the report data, in July 2019, London's share of the global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London ranks first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the US 12.93% and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": Surreptitious self-harm.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small moves were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwanese media reports, the staff of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in a conference on religious issues held in the United States and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned was a side event held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations. It was not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan personnel mixed into the United Nations in a surreptitious manner, self-demeaning. He also played up that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough." This small action was very disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations has repeatedly reiterated its insistence on dealing with the Taiwan issue in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and the vast majority of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerates the upgrading of dairy industry structure - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot, September 27 (Reporter An Lu Meng) The reporter learned from the government of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that the city of Hohhot accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure. Yili and Mengniu were among the top 10 dairy companies in the world, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and made every effort to create an "upgraded version of China Dairy Capital."
The dairy industry is a traditional advantageous industry in Hohhot. Relying on its unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of the dairy industry in Hohhot has expanded rapidly, and the rate of large-scale farming has continued to increase.
In 2018, the large-scale breeding rate of dairy cattle in the city reached more than 98%. Nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrial chain. The total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, the city of Hohhot has issued "Some Opinions on Building a" Upgrade Edition of China's Dairy Capital "and" Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrade of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020). "Around the goal of taking the lead in achieving Dairy Manufacturing 4.0, it has implemented the" Five Major Upgrade "plan for the construction of a high-quality milk source base, linking the interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-dollar leading enterprises, the cultivation of clusters of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprises and the internationalization of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will speed up the implementation of two projects with investment of 100 billion yuan in Yili Healthy Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the exchange rate of VND to the US dollar was raised by 5 VND.
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of + / -3%, the upper limit of the exchange rate between the US dollar and the Vietnamese guilder is 23854 guilders and the lower limit is 22465 guilders.
The bank's RMB purchase price and sale price were 3211 and 3295 guilders, respectively, down 1 guilder from the previous trading day.
Vietnam Technology Commercial Bank (Techcombank) set the purchase price and sale price of the US dollar at 23131 and 23271, respectively, down 2 guilders from the previous trading day.
The bank's purchase price and sale price of RMB were 3,193 and 3,326 guilders respectively, down 1 guilder and 2 guilders respectively from the previous trading day.
"China's Good Story" database goes online to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "Good Chinese Stories" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voice," was officially launched today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene of "The United States and the Communist Party - 'China's Good Story' database launch" filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China Good Story" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for outreach work with the aim of "telling Chinese stories well and spreading the Chinese voice," was officially launched to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Opening the database of "Good Chinese Stories," an ink-and-fish picture with a long artistic conception slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure trove of Chinese stories across time and space for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of "loyalty to the country" and "foolishness to move mountains," to the new era stories of "I will not have me" and "I will not forget my original intention." Thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers of "Chinese spirit," "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power."
The story library brings together five thematic stories of "1 + 4."
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first narrator of Chinese stories." The "learning" section focuses on the stories of Xi Jinping, the stories told by Xi Jinping, the stories of Xi Jinping's dictionaries and the stories of the characters praised by Xi Jinping. It provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the principles of governing the country behind the story. The four story categories, such as "governing the country," "striving for a dream," "Chinese culture" and "win-win cooperation," closely revolve around the story of the Chinese Communist Party governing the country, the story of the Chinese people's struggle for a dream, the story of the profound Chinese culture and the story of China's adherence to peaceful development and cooperation.
The reporter learned from the "America and the Communist Party - 'China's Good Stories' Database Online Conference" held in Beijing today that the "China's Good Stories" database has set up Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, stylish in design, and the whole media presents wonderful stories.
Mobile phone clients highlight the voice function of artificial intelligence, adapt to the trend of mobile communication, and provide users with the "China Good Story" player they carry with them.
In order to facilitate inquiry and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of intelligent search technology in Chinese search, and provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search, label search, etc., which are convenient, quick and easy to find and use.
The "China Good Story" database has also set up a special content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for the first batch of more than a dozen resident units, including the SASAC.
Demonstrations against the ouster of the president
Twitter-themed labels and social media are strongly advocating that the Egyptian people take to the streets today to peacefully appeal to President Sisi to step down.
However, the authorities have indicated that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since Sisi, then head of the military, launched a military coup to seize power in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be in extreme danger.
The British "Guardian" reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare protests calling for Sisi to step down last weekend.
The corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family's squandering of public funds in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior made a firm statement yesterday that it would resolutely confront any attempt to undermine the stability of the country and would not be soft.
The city center of Cairo has long been heavily guarded. Riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police can be seen everywhere in the streets around Tahrir Square, the site of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained many important scholars and social sages on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "The continuation of Sisi's absolute rule will cause disaster, which I have no doubt."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, who was the spokesman for Anan, the former chief of the Egyptian military staff, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
Davud, chairman of the Constitutional Party, was also detained.
Analysts and political figures believe that at a time when the economic plight of the poor and the middle class is intensifying, the practice of sweeping up dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Ayman Nour, the leader of the opposition and a former candidate for the presidency, said: "The catch-up action highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how scared it is."
"Because the economy has been made a mess by him, coupled with widespread political repression, Sisi tried to convey a clear message to the important generals and political figures who might replace him."
Noor pointed out that under the premise that the socio-economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-pressure tactics will only increase people's anger.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently in exile in Spain, was a construction contractor for the Egyptian military. He began to upload a series of films at the beginning of the month, claiming that he benefited from government corruption, setting off a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said that his company, Amrak, did not have to go through the legal bidding process to get a lucrative contract, stressing that the military and Sisi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, were corrupt.
He deeply regretted that he had participated in it.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels in which he helped Seige were in sharp contrast to the abject poverty of the current Egyptians, and the other party had not yet paid.
On Twitter, thematic labels such as "Stand Up You Are Not Alone," "Sisi You Are Dead," "Sisi Roll," and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets, calling on people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand Sisi's removal.
The tweet of Hollywood Egyptian actor Amawick has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is doomed... He is finished. Those who support him will now make a big mistake."
The Hong Kong government has launched a free special training program to help employees affected by the recent economic crisis to overcome difficulties.
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region announced on the 27th that it will launch a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible students will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City have few customers.
As a result of the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has declined significantly. In addition to the tourism industry, the hotel, catering, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr Lo Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on commissioning the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang said that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy are imminent and should not wait for the situation to be calm before starting work.
Therefore, the Hong Kong SAR Government has launched this free training program called "Special Love and Value Added."
According to the introduction, people who are unemployed or required by their employers to take unpaid leave from June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the plan as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that there is a wide range of courses, the most important part of which is the training of "vocational skills," covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some brand-new "innovative technology" courses and cross-industry "general skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge and the scheme is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants in the scheme will receive a special allowance as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and the attendance rate reaches 80%. The maximum monthly allowance is HK $4,000 per student.
According to the introduction, the training course lasts two to three months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. Citizens can read daily newspapers from October 3 to March 31 next year. Each person can report up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome the difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the allocation to the Tourism Council, subsidizing 6,000 tour guides to renew their licences to apply for courses, and waiving annual fees for travel agents.
Is exercise exhausting and exhausting?
According to the Russian Satellite Network, a study of athletes shows that after high-intensity exercise, the brain will also show signs of fatigue.
This study, led by Mathias Percigrion, an expert at the Pittier-Salpetrier Hospital in France, shows that there is no obvious link between mental work and physical work: Both require cognitive control of activities.
Percigrion explained, "You need to control the autonomous process that can force you to stop when you have muscle and joint pain."
The research was initiated by the French National Sports Institute (INSEP).
The school experts are responsible for guiding the athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from over-training syndrome, that is, after high-load sports, there is an irrepressible sense of fatigue, the body cannot recover and the results decline.
INSEP raises a question: Can part of the cause of this disease be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
Recently, an exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Art Museum to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse," Qi Baishi's "Ten Thousand Years of Peace," Li Ke-yan's "Ten Thousand Mountains," Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride," Luo Neutral's "Father," and Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of Grandfathers" contain more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, almost including all the classic works since the founding of New China.
"Magnificent Painting of the Great Journey - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" is a rich and multi-dimensional display of the magnificent great journey and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, as well as the unremitting fighting spirit and great spirit of self-improvement of the Chinese people.
The exhibition is divided into a prologue and four chapters.
The exhibition has a huge scale and a collection of fine works by famous artists. The exhibition features more than 480 works, including Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor water powder, New Year paintings, propaganda paintings and other art categories. It focuses on the classic works in the collection of the China Art Museum and brings together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, the "National Theme Art Creation," organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, has just completed more than 130 new works on realistic subjects for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the China Art Museum used all the exhibition space in the museum for the first time. In addition to the exhibition hall on the third floor of the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and through the exhibition design, an exhibition pattern corresponding to the inside and outside was formed.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing's celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the China Art Museum was suspended from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day." This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All." The Tourism Bureau arranges a series of activities, including receiving lucky tourists and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. Tan Junrong, Director of the Department of Social and Cultural Affairs, attended and participated in this global tourism event, actively promoting the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of the Tourism Bureau, Wen Yihua, and the Deputy Director, Xu Yaoming, and other leaders and relevant supervisors arrived at the Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers of "World Tourism Day."
Mr Wiposiri, a tourist from Thailand, became a lucky tourist this year. He said that he came to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a tourist destination suitable for a family size. He can enjoy the cuisine of Macau and visit the urban areas of Macau during the weekend holidays.
The "McMae" robot, Macau's tourism mascot, was also present to welcome passengers. The Passenger Information Office under the Tourism Bureau also arranged for souvenirs to be given to passengers throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day, with close to 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau. It coincides with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. The participants arranged the number "20" group photo at the Grand Sanba archway before departure, adding joy to the event.
Some contestants also wear special costumes that match the return theme.
Each contestant carried a tray carrying a bottle of "Macau Beer" through the streets of "Macau Historic City" and delivered the beer safely to the front of the terminal kiosk at the fastest speed. The process was tense and exciting, attracting a large number of passengers to stop and take photos and even cheer up the contestants along the way, showing the tourism charm of Macau.
The men's championship was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of Jinsha City Center of Macau; the women's champion was Ye Xiaoqing of Jiajing Group; the most special clothing award winners were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel.
That evening, the Tourism Bureau invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
Tan Junrong said at the dinner that in the 20 years since the return of Macao's tourism industry, the tourism industry has been developing for thousands of miles. However, in the face of the continuous changes in peripheral environmental factors, the industry is encouraged to think innovatively, move forward on the basis of the successes achieved, adjust strategies and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
At the same time, under the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region," Macao singers were arranged to sing the original local congratulatory song "Liancheng Family," as well as six large tourism enterprises to present a number of performances that fit the theme of return, showcasing the diverse tourism and leisure elements of Macao and the versatility of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day," with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (reporters Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of interest rate bidding on September 27.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase expired on that day, the People's Bank of China realized a net repurchase of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that it would launch a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a period of 14 days and a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out the 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the seven-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as the previous trading day.
To make Chinese citizens more comfortable to "go out" -- Visit Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first short film on consular protection for the public interest of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs went online. The sentence at the end of the short film struck a chord with the vast number of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency that the short film aims to further make the public feel the sentiment and temperature of "diplomacy for the people," so that Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will lend a helping hand to them and give them help, strength and hope.
There are no small things to be safe overseas.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than a million per year" before the reform and opening-up to more than 100 million per year today. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens travelling abroad is more secure, and the target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and implemented more than 10 major actions to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, and safely evacuated more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accept and coordinate the handling of about 500,000 cases involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home. It is no longer a dream to have a "talk-and-walk trip."
According to Cui Aimin, as of the end of August this year, China has concluded visa waiver agreements with 14 countries, covering ordinary passport personnel.
In addition, more and more countries have unilaterally granted Chinese citizens visa-free or visa-on-arrival facilities.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, have unilaterally granted landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, have unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country without a visa.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is becoming more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue 10-year valid multiple visas for travel and business personnel, and the agreement with the United Kingdom to issue two-year multiple visas for each other's travel, business and family visits.
The UK and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service. France, Italy and Singapore reduced the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC Business Travel Card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining more than five-year visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific, which is of great significance to business people, especially those from private enterprises, to "go out."
At present, China's effective card holding ranks first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, turn the achievements of diplomatic work into measures to benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, Secretary of the Municipal Committee, led a team to inspect the safe production and festival market supply during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve the political position, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do a solid and meticulous job, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens have a happy and peaceful festival.
Deputy Secretary of the Municipal Committee and Mayor Chen Jining checked together.
The power supply area of Tiananmen District Power Supply Service Center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time to realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation and safe production of the power supply equipment, asked for important details of the power supply guarantee work, and went into the dispatch command hall to listen to the report on the safe power supply and gas supply work during the festival with the big screen.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the front-line staff, stressing that it is necessary to establish a bottom-line thinking, do a good job in firefighting and other work, go to the scene and pay attention to the end, strengthen safety hazard detection and equipment operation monitoring at each point, and ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
In the Wangfujing Department Store, there is a wide variety of goods and a festive atmosphere everywhere.
The Peace Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the wall of green tile stone bricks and the old shops such as the photo studio, the Grand Theatre, the food store, the old bookstore and so on, have a strong smell of Beijing.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining watched as they walked, listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store in conjunction with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian streets to enhance commercial operation and market supply, and understood the festival security situation in detail.
Go into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" and "Big North Photo Gallery" to learn about the sales of Beijing's characteristic commodities, and ask the tourists about the experience along the way.
In Zhang Binggui's candy cabinet, Zhang Chao, a Beijing labor model and son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the great work of "one catch" and "one bite," and Cai Qi urged him to vigorously promote the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi exhorted that market monitoring should be strengthened to ensure adequate and stable supply during the festival, and that food safety should be strictly controlled; shopping malls and other crowded places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jioming took part in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line commander" guards the safety of passenger line operation.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Road Transport Administration that so far, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 districts and 6 provinces and counties in Jiangxi have "line lengths."
The head of Jiangxi Provincial Road Transport Administration said that due to the formality of the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises, the main responsibility for the safety of enterprises does not fall into place. Illegal violations such as speeding of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time, and the safety situation of road passenger transport is quite serious.
In order to further consolidate the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for the safety of production and ensure the safety of passengers travelling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "long-line system" in 2017 and began to gradually promote it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system," selecting "line length" to manage 1,334 lines, covering 4,824 passenger vehicles.
According to the introduction, the "line leader" is generally appointed by the road transport and passenger transport enterprises, and is specifically responsible for the management of the people, cars, lines and other work of the relevant line, ensuring that the person in charge of the line has comprehensive control over the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment and so on, so as to ensure the operation safety of the line.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Administration will hold a special food safety public guided tour from October to December. The food safety education staff will lead a visit to the "20-year photo exhibition of Mainland food and agricultural products for Australia" and the "Food Information Station," to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Australia. Members of the public are welcome to participate actively.
Jointly organized by the General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Administration of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Watch and Help Together - A Documentary Photo Exhibition of 20 Years of Work to Ensure the Safe Supply of Food and Agricultural Products from the Mainland to Australia" is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many citizens from Australia to visit.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Administration will conduct a special food safety public guided tour at the Food Information Station on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building from October to December (except public holidays). The food safety education staff will lead a tour of the photo exhibition and the food information station. Through the on-site pictures, films, comics and multimedia interactive games, the participants will have an in-depth understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Australia, as well as the food safety work in all aspects of food safety from import to market monitoring, and learn the knowledge of food safety in daily life, so as to pay more attention to food safety and give full play to the spirit of "food safety and food safety, the government, the industry and the public."
The duration of each food safety guided tour is about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Government Department on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The fee is free and the number of seats is limited, on a first-come, first-served basis.
If you have any questions, you can call the food security hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
The comprehensive tax payment platform of Fujian Provincial Tax Bank is officially online - CNN.com
The comprehensive tax payment platform of Fujian Provincial Tax Bank is officially online.
Xinhua News Agency, Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Province tax bank silver and convenient comprehensive tax payment platform was officially launched in Fuzhou, Fujian Province, on September 27.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the convenience of the people in Fujian Province's tax treasury.
After nearly one year of construction, the platform has been successfully put online.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end connects tax, government, banks, non-bank payment agencies and social service providers. It provides mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial services points and other online and offline tax payment channels. The back end connects the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects for the benefit of the people. Among them, the medical insurance payment project for urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
The project has opened 14 channels online and offline, providing services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents of Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Online, medical insurance fees can be paid by means of "Min Tax Link," "Cloud Flash Payment" and the APP and WeChat Public Number of each bank. Offline, medical insurance fees can be paid by scanning codes, waving cards and swiping cards in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial services points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, vice president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform can provide the public with a safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax payment service while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue into the bank and the real-time interaction of data information.
At present, there are more than 16,000 inclusive financial services points in the province, and more than 9,000 have opened the medical insurance fee collection function, so that rural residents can safely check and pay medical insurance fees if they "do not leave the village," so that the public has a stronger and stronger sense of "access" and "happiness."
According to statistics, in the 20 days since the pre-trial operation of the platform's urban and rural residents' medical insurance fee collection project, the number of service users has reached 840,000, including 750,000 online users and nearly 20,000 users of inclusive financial services.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology in the country.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the sealed electronic payment certificate directly through the mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" for private tax payments will be further expanded.
The US will increase the deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia.
The US Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the US will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "THAAD" anti-missile system in the preparatory deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "THAAD" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the US claimed to have attacked Saudi Arabia.
In his speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Rouhani said that under the condition that all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that only the withdrawal of US troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of Saudi Aramco and caused fires.
The US blamed Iran for the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
The chairman of Celis completed the plan to increase his holdings, and last year called on employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Seles (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the company's actual controller and chairman, had increased the company's shares by a total of 1.0542 million shares, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, with a total increase of RMB2.0926 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs) to complete the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Seles, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimi Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (Hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimi"), held 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital. Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimi and was the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Seles has made a positive move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Seles has successively launched measures such as executive increase, chairman's bottom-up increase, share repurchase and equity incentive.
On September 18 last year, Seles announced that seven executives of the company, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had accumulated 394.3 million shares of the company (0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of 7.029 million yuan. This increase has been implemented.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, chairman and real controller of Seles, proposed a plan for employees to increase the company's stock holdings and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The increase period is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of the increase in the company's shares shall not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase, the company's shares shall be held continuously for more than 12 months and may not be reduced.
The reporter combed and found that during the above-mentioned initiative period, the share price of Cerris was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan. Based on Cerris's closing price of 20.02 yuan on September 25, the maximum surplus of employees could reach 42.80% and as low as 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Seles once again passed the plan to buy back the shares of the company, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to buy back the shares was not less than 160 million yuan and not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the announcement of "Seles 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high performance unlocking conditions.
According to the announcement, the equity incentive is based on the operating income in 2018. The growth rate of the four fiscal years from 2019 to 2022 is not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
From the performance of Seles in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the unlocking conditions of 30% growth this year.
In the first half of the year, the operating income was 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50% year-on-year. The net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.2324 million yuan, an increase of 16.46% year-on-year.
Since the mid-2018 report, Seles' revenue growth has exceeded 38% year-on-year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven collaborative development strategy based on the intensive operation service of medical inspection (IVD business), the intensive operation service of medical consumables (SPD business) and the regional inspection center as breakthroughs.
Seles related people told reporters that at present, in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Seles' three major businesses are advancing steadily.
In the area of SPD business, in January this year, Seles announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Intensive Operating Platform for Medical Supplies and Daily Operations Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Traditional Chinese Hospital, with a contract term of three years.
"In fact, Seles is vigorously expanding the SPD business, providing medical institutions with refined operation services such as centralized purchasing, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables in the hospital, so as to obtain long-term income."
The above-mentioned people said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Seles won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" of Shaw Hospital affiliated with Zhejiang University Medical School.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very gold-bearing. Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Assessment (JCI). The successful implementation of the project in the future is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, previously, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map has basically completed the business area coverage of the country's provinces and regions.
Now, the winning Shaw Hospital is another city in Zhejiang. It should continue to replicate this model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year, Seles is also laying out new areas such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
Beijing's 78,000 volunteers serve the National Day traffic travel.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their duties from the 28th to provide voluntary services at various points in Beijing. The service will last until October 8.
Previously, the Beijing Municipal Leading Group for the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer command. In the early period, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The voluntary service field involved celebration meetings, carnival activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day amusement parks and urban operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers worked at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major transport hubs to conduct traffic guidance and traffic guidance.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" was finally released and departed from the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
In the middle of last month, the British overseas territory of Gibraltar just released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9:00 am local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" departed from the port of Bandar Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The Port and Shipping Organization of Hormuzgan Province of Iran confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made a formal and written commitment. Although the ship was detained, they did not have any claims.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the oil tanker "Steiner Empire," also said that the ship was sailing from Bandar Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's ship tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left Bandar Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian oil tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the oil tanker named Stena Impero in the Strait of Hormuz channel.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required for the release of the "Steiner Empire" had been completed.
However, Iran said the investigation was still in progress.
Several Iranian media also released a video of the oil tanker sailing.
On July 19, Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" in the Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to Bandar Abbas.
Iran's seized oil tanker "Grace 1" left the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the "Grace 1" oil tanker loaded with Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on the grounds that it was suspected of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of "Grace 1."
This afternoon, a special conference on the theme education inspection and rectification work of undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wulan, deputy secretary of the provincial committee, stressed the need to improve the political position, strengthen the political responsibility, strictly and conscientiously grasp the problem inspection and rectification, and promote the high-quality development of the Party building, political thinking and reform and development of colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Ulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme of "Remember the original intention and remember the mission" is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme of "Remember the original intention and remember the mission."
From the political height of enhancing the "Four Consciousness," achieving "Two Maintenance," and carrying out the original mission, we will conscientiously complete all the prescribed actions of thematic education, especially the series of issues examined through solid rectification, and coordinate all the work of school reform and development, so as to achieve "two wrongs and two promotion."
Uran stressed that we should stick to the knife-edge, do a good job in the examination of problems, according to the requirements of "four controls" and "four to find one," find the correct problems in the table, solicit opinions and suggestions from teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the ideological point of view, then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard measures to solve the difficult problems.
We must continue to work with precision, strengthen the real reform and reform, and earnestly carry out the word "reform" throughout.
We should do a good job in the combination of thematic education and the work of "Lide Tree Man," consolidate the responsibility for rectification, ensure that the problem does not fall and the bottom is clear, and ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We must adhere to both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, tighten the institutional cage, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is governed by rules and regulations, and really use the system to manage people's affairs.
Under the above leadership, the leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening the theoretical armed forces, taking the lead in seriously reviewing the rectification, taking the lead in strictly disciplining themselves at all times, giving full play to the exemplary role of "key minorities," and striving to complete the tasks of thematic education inspection and rectification.
The responsible comrades of the Party committee of five colleges and universities, including Hunan University, and the responsible comrades of the relevant units of the provincial government made speeches.
Two major ultra-high pressure projects were put into operation.
On the 26th, the quasi-eastern to southern Anhui  1,100 kV UHV DC transmission project and the Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline project were put into operation.
Both projects occupy the high points in the respective fields of transmission technology in the world at present. After commissioning, the optimal allocation of energy in China will be greatly improved.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the quasi-eastern to southern Anhui project is the transmission project with the largest transmission capacity and the longest transmission distance in the world.
Its operation is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL is a gas-insulated metal closed transmission line.
The Sutong Pipeline Corridor Project has set the record for the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and has realized the operation of the 'AC double-loop network' with the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power network.
According to the State Grid Company, the transmission distance from the quasi-east to the south of Anhui Province is 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been studied and developed, raising the economic transmission distance to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the project is put into operation, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of absorption of existing new energy sources in Xinjiang.
According to the full load estimate, the annual electricity delivery of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
Sutong GIL Integrated Pipeline Project is a control project of ultra-high pressure AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If the conventional overhead line is used to cross the river, it is necessary to build two giant iron towers of more than 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and to build an artificial island the size of more than four football fields for each tower.
In this regard, the National Grid boldly innovated and developed a compact ultra-high voltage AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river under water through tunnels, avoiding the impact on the golden channel.
The two projects have promoted a new leap in China's electrical equipment manufacturing capability.
At present, the National Grid has cumulatively completed the "10-to-11 straight" ultra-high voltage project, and the "4-to-3 straight" project is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's external debt structure is continuously optimized and the stability of external debt is enhanced.
"Overall, China's external debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of external debt has been enhanced."
Wang Chunying, press spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above statement on the same day that the Foreign Exchange Bureau announced the foreign debt data at the end of June 2019 and answered questions from reporters.
Data show that as of the end of June 2019, China's full-caliber (including local and foreign currencies) foreign debt balance was US $198 billion, an increase of US $26.3 billion over the end of March 2019, an increase of 1.3%, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term foreign debt increased by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, and the share of local currency foreign debt increased by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with China's domestic RMB bonds being included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of China's bond market has further increased, and they have continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"China's balance of payments is generally balanced and the risk of foreign debt can be controlled."
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences that at present, Yunnan grassland greedy night moth has been effectively prevented and controlled. It has not caused a large-scale outbreak of disasters, and the prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan, found for the first time the grass-greedy night moth that had moved from abroad. It was subsequently confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan. The grass-greedy night moth also gradually spread from Yunnan to mainland China, posing a direct threat to China's food production.
The meadow nocturnal moth is an important agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest in the global warning of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, explosive and destructive."
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane and sorghum, and can cause up to 70% yield loss.
The prevention and control is very difficult. There are no registered pesticides for the prevention and control of the insect in China.
Since the grass-greedy night moth moved and invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected Chen Aidong as a researcher to lead the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences agricultural cross-border harmful organisms in collaboration with the green prevention and control provincial innovation team to go to the front line, conduct field investigations, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong's team has preliminarily mastered the population characteristics, natural enemy insect resources, characteristics of overseas insect sources, population migration trajectory, drug toxicity and field prevention and control effect of Yunnan grassland.
They have actively carried out the research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%. At the same time, the use of chemical pesticides has been reduced, natural enemy resources and ecological environment have been protected, and the technical guarantee has been provided for the effective control of the outbreak and sustainable management of grass-greedy night moths in Yunnan.
At present, the nocturnal moth of Yunnan grassland has been effectively prevented and controlled. It has not caused a large-scale outbreak of disasters, and the prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In the next step, Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreaks, breaking through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network points and demonstration areas outside the country in order to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capability of the night moth in Yunnan grassland.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins for pandas at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
There are two sets of gold and silver commemorative coins, including one gold commemorative coin and one silver commemorative coin, all of which are legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the obverse pattern of this set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Beijing Temple of Heaven, with the name of the country, the year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo."
The pattern on the back of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda, with the words "8g Au.999" and the English words "China International Import Expo" and denomination.
On the back of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and son panda, with the words "30g Ag.999," the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination.
According to the introduction, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, with a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, 10 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
This set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Coinage Co., Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China steps out of a development path in line with national conditions
Beijing, September 27 (Xinhua) -- The Information Office of the State Council of China released the white paper "China and the World in a New Era" on September 27.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper said that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development is based on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing." Generations of people continue to struggle, paying unimaginable toil and sweat. It is based on the spirit of "carrying their own burden on their own," regardless of prosperity or adversity, not exporting problems, not passing on contradictions, not developing themselves through forced buying and selling or plundering other countries. It is based on the exploration spirit of "crossing the river with stones," not following the old path of imperialism and colonialism, not copying the development model of Western countries, but taking into account China's actual situation, summing up lessons learned and learning from human civilization, and daring to try and get out of one's own way.
According to the White Paper, China has developed in its contacts and interactions with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's road meets China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
China will safeguard world peace with practical actions.
In the past 70 years, China has not initiated any war or conflict and has not encroached on an inch of other countries' land.
The white paper pointed out that in the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
This is a road based on the national conditions, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up, and comprehensively governing the country in accordance with the law.
China has a huge size and complex national conditions. The difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper said that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
In particular, since the 18th CPC National Congress, China's development has made historic achievements and historic changes. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong, and is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright development prospects with the progress of the times.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "Declaration of the World Distributor."
On the 27th, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration" at the 2019 2nd World Cloth Merchants Conference held in Koqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province.
The declaration pointed out that with a view to the future, the countries concerned will adhere to openness and coordination, technology-driven and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
The current World Clothing Conference brought together about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win cooperation of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division pattern, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development. The development concept of "technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "If the industry is to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it needs the active participation of global textile people, their respective strengths and shared interests."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Clothing Merchants Declaration," which jointly expounded the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Distributor's Declaration states that, facing the future, the countries concerned will adhere to openness and coordination, continuously promote the interconnection between industry and the market, and jointly raise the level of development of the industrial chain. They will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capabilities of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the "World Clothing Merchants Declaration" will help all countries to jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and realize the sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei mentioned, for example, that the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands. Designers are committed to designing stylish and high-end ready-to-wear products, while Ke Qiao has a variety of boutique fabrics. "Through this cloth dealer conference, we also look forward to establishing contacts with Ke Qiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Cloth Conference, Ke Qiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading and opening up to the outside world, representing that China's textile image is at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of Ke Qiao District Committee, said that Ke Qiao will take this cloth merchant conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The median price of RMB measured by Reuters is expected to be around 7.0883 yuan, with a counter-cyclical impact of 460 points.
According to the calculation of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism published by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the median price of RMB against the US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a devaluation of about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the RMB closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, among the changes in the middle price today, 586 points of decline reflect the impact of market supply and demand. Another 27 points of decline reflect the number of points needed for the overnight basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged. Another 460 points of increase reflect the impact of "counter-cyclical factors."
The median price of RMB against the US dollar, as measured by Reuters, was 7.0947 yuan, a deviation of 218 points from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
According to the median price announced by CFETS, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively.
The completion of Tianjin Zhou Dafu, the tallest building in northern China, has created more than 100 national patents.
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, an architectural information model that was independently developed by the project department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center of the 8th Bureau of China Construction and won the Global Award for Excellence in the Global Engineering Construction Industry.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is located in the Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The total construction area of the project is 390,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above ground, and the building height is 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments, super-five-star hotels, etc. When completed, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
According to the relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center of the 8th Bureau of China Construction, the entire project uses more than 70,000 tons of steel. The high-altitude group has about 376,000 meters of welding seams, equivalent to 42.5 Mount Everest heights. The welding wire can be used to circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components is 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components. This includes the double-tube elliptical cross-section steel pipe column with the largest single-layer distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Zhou Dafu project is unprecedented.
According to industry sources, Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is the first to implement the building information model (BIM) management in all aspects in the skyscraper projects already built or under construction in the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three full BIM application" model with full staff participation, full professional application and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on the high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction process of Zhou Dafu, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and correct verification, and then carried out physical construction, thus eliminating the problems that might arise from demolition and rework in the previous construction project in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation achievements of the Zhou Dafu Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Master Meeting and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Presentation Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department created more than 130 national patents.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation results of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only made all the complex and numerous construction links a success, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th Sino-Lao Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River joint patrol and law enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the press office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department on the 27th that at 15:30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th Sino-Lao Myanmar-Thailand Mekong joint patrol and law enforcement successfully docked at Guanlei Port, China, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanlei Port on the 24th and lasted four days and three nights. China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand sent a total of 136 law enforcement personnel and six law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Lao Banxiangguo and Meng Mo.
In addition, China also sent a team of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border guard companies of the Lao People's Army to carry out the exchange of police actual combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response capability of law enforcement personnel from both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand. They informed each other about the recent situation of countries in border management, the fight against drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin, held consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and reached a consensus. They also held cultural and stylistic exchange activities between the four countries, carried out competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, effectively enhancing mutual understanding among law enforcement members and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Team of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department said that after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission to raise the police rate of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The commander of the Thai side said that since the launch of the joint patrol and law enforcement on the Mekong River, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had close exchanges, deepened practical cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in many areas such as law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchange.
It is hoped that the law enforcement cooperation between the four countries will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open a new situation of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries and make new contributions to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
Iran's Defense Minister Amir Khatami said on the 25th that he opposed any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement reached with the US on Iran's "missile power" will damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders support improving the missile program.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement last May and restored and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement with the United States in order to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate US-Iran tensions.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the General Assembly on August 23.
After the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran was willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the US lifted sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival
As the only Chinese-language film, "Under White Clouds," directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Institute, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. Together with 13 other shortlisted films, it will compete for the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival, the Golden Kirin Award.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, who is "all over the world." It tells the story of an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple who have some kind of life predicament due to different life pursuits, with Mongolian actors Jiji Mutu and Tana taking the lead roles.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two world premieres during the festival, with release dates of October 31 and November 3 respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year in Roppongi, Hibiya and other venues in Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the festival held a press conference and officially announced the main competition unit, "Asian Future" unit, "Special Hospitality Works," Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units and projects.
The person in charge of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese competition film "Under the White Cloud."
Zhang Ziyi became the chairman of the international jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
The "Asian Future" unit has 3 Chinese-language films.
In the series of units of the Tokyo International Film Festival, its important position is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although only eight films were shortlisted, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Avengers," directed by Lu Yixin, "The Man of the Road," directed by Huang Qingxun, starring the film emperor Guo Fucheng and the film queen Miriam Yang, and a mainland film is "The Knight of the Summer Night," directed by Yu Xing.
In addition, "Ice Peak Storm," a Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Guangji, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be released at the festival as a "special hospitality work."
Alice Hirose, the spokesperson of the film festival and the "goddess," was absent from the press conference and delivered a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, Yukang Ando, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who just took office in August this year, and the director of the film festival, Takahiro Hisamatsu, as well as the heads of the film selection units, delivered speeches on the stage, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, the opening film, "Tora-san's Story: Welcome Back," director Yoji Yamada, two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, Makoto Tezuka ("Balopola"), Akihito ("Comedy Wife Story"), as well as the famous playwright and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima, also made an appearance at the press conference to tell the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The team of international judges in the main competition unit is composed of five people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noor and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Imaging Market), which was held simultaneously with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held from October 22 to 24 at the Ikebao Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center. A record 401 groups will set up exhibition stalls this year. In particular, the number of exhibitors from China has reached 90, an increase of 6.4 times compared with the 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22 of the opening day as "China Day (CHINA DAY)," held a number of lectures, seminars and so on, and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in related activities. The welcome dinner that evening was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Start
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (Reporter Li Qianwei) Enriched the Giant Panda Culture-themed tourism route. The Panda Base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The "Panda Planet" and the expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base officially began construction in Chengdu on September 25, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned by Chengdu will be officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built by Chengdu consists of three regions, namely, Beihu District, Dujiangyan District and Longquanshan District, with an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecology and cultural value of the giant panda with the construction of Chengdu's beautiful and livable park city to create an ecological home for the giant panda.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake District and covers an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X."
One core attraction is the renovation and expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; N cultural tourism consumption scenes are built, namely Panda Town, Fuyao Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional basic supporting facilities.
After the renovation and expansion of Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu, which will be generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site, where people and animals share a good time.
The park plan can accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the "News and Newspaper Abstract" of China Voice of the Central Radio and Television Station, over the past few days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and highly valued the development achievements of New China and its importance to global development.
In an exclusive interview with the reporter of the Central Radio and Television Station, President Keita of Mali said that he has visited China many times. China's development achievements in the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed in self-interest, but has opened its doors to the world, bringing the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and best wishes to China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said, "Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day because it is also my birthday.
Recently (May 25), envoys to China from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great Achievements - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China."
Denisov, the Russian ambassador to China, said, "I personally saw the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy. Compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, there has been too much progress."
In addition, in recent days, my embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities there to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends have sent sincere blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would launch the trial operation of the unmanned "Level 4" fully self-driving taxi team Robotaxi on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Ma Zhixing also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis with the support of the Chinese government may be expanded everywhere.
Since 26, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a special website.
There is a "security guard" on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road providing trial operation is 50 km by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Red Flag EV" of China First Automobile Group, equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Program" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program includes more than 150 companies, including German Volkswagen, German Daimler, American Ford Motor, American Intel, American Microsoft and American Nvidia.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest online car service provider, Didi Travel, announced a plan to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai within the year.
The competition in China's self-driving development may become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars suggest that "uncertain times" Taiwanese businessmen need to keep up with the development of mainstream industries in the mainland.
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
The event invited many Taiwanese business representatives and scholars to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Business Management Institute and co-sponsored by Qunyi Jinding Securities and the Distinguished Mainland Taiwan Business Association.
The two-day meeting was divided into a number of seminars such as transformation and upgrading model and business strategy. More than 100 people attended.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Business Management Institute, said that the trade frictions between China (mainland China) and the United States continued, and Taiwanese businessmen faced "uncertain times."
He believed that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries in the development of the mainland, paying special attention to innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese merchants attached importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that it is not enough for Taiwanese businessmen to have the above conditions.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extended services and life product services.
In addition, "service value-added" is also a new area in which Taiwanese businessmen can develop vigorously.
During the speech session of the representative of Taiwan businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwan-based Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd., from Guangdong, introduced that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to the sharp decline in orders, and the group began to improve its business situation from various aspects such as adjusting its structure and activating its assets.
It took three years for the enterprise to realize its revenue by eliminating the traditional electrical business, transforming the automotive electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Sun God (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is due to six factors: Poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, few varieties and integrity problems. As long as these six points are solved, together with the timely transformation of production lines and the expansion of product categories, the enterprise will become an irreplaceable supplier for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Business Management Institute, was held in Taipei.
According to the report of Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, the general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operation center is located in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwan Businessman and Cross-Straits Contribution Award."
New rules to solicit opinions: Social capital needs to be qualified to acquire rural land management rights
Social capital needs to be qualified to acquire rural land management rights.
"Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights"
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice for public consultation on the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Revised Draft Exposure Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Opinion Draft"), increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to acquire land management rights.
The "Opinion Draft" is now open to the public for comments.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly amended Rural Land Contracting Law, further consolidate and improve the rural basic management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the "separation of powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Contracting and Management Rights," forming the "Opinions."
The reporter of Beijing Youth Daily learned that there were many important changes in the "Opinions" published for the first time.
The newly amended Rural Land Contracting Law clarifies the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of "separation of powers," with special sections setting up "land contract management rights" and "land management rights," making a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange and transfer of land contract management rights (rental, subcontracting, equity or other means).
In this Opinion Draft, in order to implement the concept of "separation of powers," effectively respond to the main thrust of the amendment to the Rural Land Contracting Law, and taking into account the large differences between the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights in terms of parties, procedures and supervision, the revised draft defines the scope of the transfer, focusing on the transfer of land management rights, including rental and share ownership, and changes the name of the regulation from the "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" to the "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights."
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be stipulated separately.
The "Opinions" pointed out that under the background of "separation of powers," farmers only have land management rights for a certain period of time.
In theory, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing their management rights for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to prevent the risk of farmers losing their land, methods such as preferred shares, first-lease shares, and repurchase have emerged in practice.
Considering that the preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested that it should be used as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of loss of ownership.
