State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises enter the old revolutionary base areas of southern Jiangxi.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements of the theme "Remember the original intention and remember the mission" the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized the research activity "State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises into the old revolutionary base areas of southern Jiangxi" to revisit the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inherit the red gene, carry out the needs of relevant enterprises and Ganzhou City, and promote the accelerated development of the old revolutionary base areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Deputy Director of the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Deputy Minister of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee, Party Secretary and Deputy Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau, Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Committee and Party Secretary of Ganzhou, participated in the research.
The enterprises participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial groups such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 Minkou state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 advantageous private enterprises such as Research Xiang Group.
In the meantime, the researchers visited the memorial park at the starting point of the Long March of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received the traditional education of the revolution, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army during the Long March, investigated seven enterprises and one testing center in Ganzhou City on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China North Industries Group Corporation, China Iron and Steel Research Institute Group, Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co. Ltd., Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co. Ltd. made statements on behalf of the Military Industry Group, Minkou State-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, saying that they would continue to strengthen the docking work of state-owned enterprises, advantageous private enterprises and the needs of Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, help the industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the high-quality development of the old revolutionary base areas.
Through this research activity, we further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary base areas in southern Jiangxi, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary base areas at this stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people and start their own businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation mode, adjustment structure and livelihood of the former Central Soviet region in southern Jiangxi, and promoting the quality change, efficiency change and dynamic change of economic development.
Beijing market regulatory authorities carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival to basically stabilize commodity prices
China News ECNS Beijing, September 27 (reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and law enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Administration for Market Regulation inspected more than 2,000 households of various business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of necessities of life such as grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and egg milk sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market management order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Administration for Market Regulation that the Bureau has launched a "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" in the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food, medicine, commerce and other elements and links of law enforcement inspection in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively standardize the market management order.
According to introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Administration for Market Regulation, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food, medicine and commerce, worked together and cooperated closely. The heads of each law enforcement agency led the team to conduct joint law enforcement inspection of some of the business entities selected at random.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on the inspection of price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The district market supervision bureaus also simultaneously organized and carried out joint law enforcement inspections, dispatching more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business entities. The inspection showed that the supply of daily necessities such as grain, oil, meat, fruit, vegetables and egg milk sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations were found, and the market management order was generally stable.
The Beijing Administration for Market Regulation said that it will strengthen emergency duty during the National Day, continuously inspect and inspect the market, quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision issues in accordance with the law, and once the business violations reported by the public are verified, they will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the law, and earnestly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Cambodia announced the "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was announced and an award ceremony was held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Cambodia on the 26th.
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce of Cambodia, presented awards to the award-winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Cambodia, the competition lasted two months and was aimed at Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and college students (including social personnel).
Zhong Zhengfa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented award certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee. Through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, the university group was finally selected with 1 first prize, 2 second prize, 3 third prize and 10 excellent prize; the primary and secondary school group had 1 first prize, 5 second prize, 10 third prize and 20 outstanding prize.
Lin Weicai, winner of the first prize in the university group, said that he had studied Chinese for 15 years and had had a great impact on himself.
Through the essay competition, it is to use words to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "one belt, one road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the younger generation will continue to add to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows guests and award-winning players.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in the heart" through the language of her ancestral country and won the award, with different excitement.
The organizers said that the competition not only created a positive atmosphere in China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
The report released by the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on the 26th stated that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that the advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz nuclear facility are "accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the 2015 nuclear deal with major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first generation of IR-1 centrifuges to refine uranium.
Other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Japan's Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Minchong Maoki held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, United States, where he visited, and confirmed that he would promote the conclusion of negotiations on a peace treaty, including the territorial issues of the northern territories (the disputed islands of Japan and Russia, known as the "northern territories" in Japan and the "South Kuril Islands" in Russia), and develop bilateral relations in a wide range of political and economic fields. The two sides also agreed to coordinate Maoki's visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This is the first consultation with Russia as the person in charge of the negotiations on the conclusion of a peace treaty after Maoki became foreign minister.
Maoki told Russia that "including the promotion of common economic activities (on the northern territories), we hope to carry out practical consultations".
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the summit meeting between Japan and Russia in December 2018, the policy of accelerating negotiations between the foreign ministers of the two countries as leaders was confirmed.
At this meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Maoki said he looked forward to the pilot tourism business scheduled to be implemented in October: "We hope to implement it successfully and lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks also confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the G-20 (G-20) foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya.
Tuionetoa was elected the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nukualofa news: On the 27th, the Parliament of the South Pacific island country of Tonga elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Bohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Bohiwa, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to Tonga's main media MATANGI website, the Tongan Parliament is unicameral and is composed of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa won 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism, Semisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of powers between the executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Tuionetoa still has to accept the appointment of the king.
The next Tongan parliamentary elections will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by the opponent after winning two games in a row, and finally beat the Netherlands 3: 1 to usher in a nine-game winning streak.
The schedule of the World Cup is drawing to a close. Although the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team cannot be taken lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two games of the game with the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever, going to the first two cities at 25: 19 and 25: 16 respectively. Until the third game, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the aggression of serving when it fell behind. The first pass of the Chinese team was hit. Coupled with the eagerness of the girls to attack, the mistakes began to increase, and were eventually pulled back by the opponent at 21: 25.
After the match, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third game, we sent about 8 points because of the mistake."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although it lost one game, everything was still under the control of Lang Ping. "It is normal to win or lose with a strong team, and it is normal to play five games, so we said to the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth game, the players actively adjusted their state. Zhang Changning opened all the fire at the offensive end and got 8 points in a single game, making great contributions to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11 rounds of confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did ring a wake-up call for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the game against the Netherlands: the more critical the moment, the more we must do our best.
In another game on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played five games, and the United States failed to take all three points from their opponents. As a result, as long as the Chinese women's volleyball team scored all three points against Serbia, it could defend its title one round in advance.
All kinds of situations are developing in favour of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all six main players of the Serbian team are absent this time, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the current form of the table, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can "play lightly" against the Chinese women's volleyball team and put down the burden to fully impact the opponent, while the Chinese team is under pressure to win the title, but the state may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a "slaughtered" lamb. Previously, in a battle with the Dutch team, the two sides fought five games. The Serbian second team finally reversed the Dutch main squad 3: 2, thus showing the depth of its squad.
Before the start of the third stage of the game, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams were not good to deal with: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We should, as always, prepare carefully."
Now the trumpet of defending the title has sounded, and the game has really entered the "white-hot stage".
On the strength of the squad, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponent. It is only the last critical juncture. It also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the field.
The University of Macao (UM) today (27) held the "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium", attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao engaged in the field of "stem cell" to share and have in-depth discussions with teachers and students at Macao universities on the latest developments in stem cell research.
Ge Wei, vice rector (research) of University of Macau, said that stem cell research holds tremendous promise for medical treatment and is one of the key research areas at University of Macau. This symposium is expected to promote the development of stem cell research in Macao.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university in the west bank of the Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao Greater Bay Area, University of Macau is committed to building a talent training base and science, technology and innovation center in the west bank of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
The symposium brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which is expected to promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Deng Chuxia, dean of University of Macau UM’s Faculty of Health Sciences (FHS), said that UM has continuously strengthened its scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also significantly improved the quantity and quality of research papers. University of Macau has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared the latest developments in stem cell research and cutting-edge technologies in the field of stem cell.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of the School of Primate Translational Medicine of Yunnan Kunming University of Science and Technology, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture system to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro; Jing Naihe, a researcher from the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cells of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained the spatial and temporal changes of cell lineage decisions and tissues after implantation of mouse embryos from single-cell and molecular levels; and Wang Yong, a professor from Pennsylvania State University, showed how to use biological material hydrogel to simulate stem cell micronests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the School of Health Sciences of University of Macau UM, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Chinese Medical Research Institute of University of Macau UM, each introduced their latest important results.
The "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium" was organised by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, co-sponsored by the Chinese Medical Research Institute of the University of Macao and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology. Chen Qianan, acting senior manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, participated in the meeting.
The symposium included 11 academic reports, including embryonic development and tissue production, transformation medicine, mechanism research and transformation application of stem cells development, biological materials and applications, etc.
The atmosphere of the symposium was warm, and the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the symposium provided a platform for exchange and cooperation among stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions. It also provided valuable learning opportunities for students.
The award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honours of the People's Republic of China will be solemnly held.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honours of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People.
General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping will award the "Order of the Republic" "Order of Friendship" and the National Honorary Medal to the recipients of the National Medal and the National Honorary Medal respectively and deliver an important speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honours of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the Order of the Republic.
The "Republic Medal" is mainly colored in red and gold. The chapter body adopts the national emblem, five stars, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, peaks, peonies and other elements. The chapter chain adopts Chinese knots, Ruyi, orchids and other elements. It is made using cold-pressure molding, silk mosaic, enamel and other processes as a whole. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the medal winners to the construction and development of the Republic, praises the highest honor of the country, wishes the prosperity of the motherland, and implies the unity of the people of all ethnic groups to build the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the Order of Friendship.
The "Friendship Medal" is mainly colored in gold and blue. The chapter body adopts elements such as peace pigeon, earth, handshake, lotus and other elements. The chapter chain adopts Chinese knot, youth, peony, jade, orchid grass and other elements. It is handmade using traditional crafts such as silk mosaic and silk enamel as a whole. It symbolizes the friendship, unity and long-lasting friendship between the Chinese people and the people of other countries, and wishes the common prosperity and development of all countries in the world.
This is the National Medal of Honour.
The National Honorary Medal is mainly colored in red and gold. The chapter body adopts five stars, Tiananmen Square, peony, flag, light and other elements. The chapter chain adopts Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. It is made using cold-pressure molding, silk mosaic, enamel and other processes as a whole. It symbolizes the significant contribution made by the recipients of national honorary titles in various fields and industries, highlights the leading role of demonstration, inspires the people of all ethnic groups to forget their original intentions and remember their mission, and makes unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The China Media Group and Xinhua will broadcast the award ceremony live. People's Daily Online, CCTV Network, China Network and other central key news websites will be broadcast simultaneously with new media platforms such as People's Daily news clients, Xinhua News Agency clients and CCTV news clients.
"For 70 years, North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological superiority," Stoltenberg said in a speech at the United States Military Academy at West Point.
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said: "We are experiencing more and more intense competition.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will overtake us. "
"Some of the new technologies were not developed by North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO members, but in authoritarian countries," he said.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology".
On September 24, the "A boat ticket to take me to see" love and help the disabled was held at the head of Orange Zizhou, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Star cruise ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of Xiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who took part in the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
56-year-old Zhao Zhengang is a physically disabled person. Because his feet are unable to move, he rarely goes out.
He said: "Today, for the first time on a cruise ship, I enjoyed the grandeur of the Xiang River at close range and felt the development pulse of Changsha. I was very excited and hard to forget."
Volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided nuanced services to the disabled.
Especially for service clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them on and off the cruise ship.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of the disabled in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and holders of social and economic development. Caring for and helping the disabled and caring for and supporting the cause of the disabled have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlight of all media is shining, making many images that we do not remember sparkle - it is they who bring strands of heat and light to our shining days...
However, if the hero walks around, he also seems ordinary like you like me.
Yuan Longping, who devoted himself to rice research, cultivated good seeds all over the world, so that more than a billion people were no longer in danger of being hungry and discouraged. This Weng was usually like an old farmer who liked to walk in the field; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who made every effort to make China's "eyes of heaven" angry. He did only one thing in his life. He nibbled at cold steamed buns in the deep mountains of Guizhou, no different from the old man in the stockade; Zhou Ruchang, a red scholar, a village boy who opened very late, still looked like a red son. He studied in the middle and west, with a head of fluffy white hair and liked to laugh when he spoke of learning to the heart; Qin Yi, a film artist who was red through half the sky, after the age of 90, was still bumpy in the plateau
They seek benevolence and benevolence, and live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they are immersed in a career that outsiders are puzzled and they are proud of themselves, they will easily be happy. They do not care about fame, wealth and glory.
As in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk in the depositary of buddhist texts of Shaolin Monastery, although he holds amazing martial arts, is not brilliant, not proud, not happy or sad.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red son's heart, has a share of his family and country behind him.
The responsibility of the family is not only carried on the shoulders of the heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
Once upon a time, the words of a female middle school student were turned crazy by netizens, "When a hero passes by, someone always has to sit by the side of the road and clap... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting by the side of the road."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and clapping for a hero.
People who clap by the side of the road are also transmitting heat and light, and they are also luminous bodies.
Ordinary like you like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are some moments, there is a kind of accumulation, also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Zou Bihua, an excellent judge in Shanghai, shouldered the important task of judicial reform, but asked the old master of the reception room to take the stage to tell his story at the annual meeting. He received and sent numerous newspaper letters in a year. There was no mistake. "To do simple things well is not simple". Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the old "sweeping monk".
This is the pity between the heroes. It is one hero clapping for another.
The sweeping monk has the depositary of buddhist texts of Shaolin Monastery, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nan Rendong has a "sky eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Ruchang has a forum... Whether or not to be a hero depends not only on his own efforts, but also on a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "Chinese Sky Eye" now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still climbing hard, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Bodies".
At that time, the most powerful "eye" was Arecibo, a one-sided radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico, with a diameter of 350 meters, which was considered to be the most "insurmountable" in the world.
At that time, the diameter of Chinese radio telescopes was not one-tenth that of others.
Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salaries in Japan, insists on returning home and brings back an almost crazy idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China to receive more information from outer space!
China has nothing to do with it. Invest a lot of money to play with the stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "Eye of Heaven" project opened the curtain.
It took 12 years for the site to be located, and another 9 years for the project to be completed.
With the opening of the 500-meter calibre "sky eye" China has made a "unique scientific project in the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "eye of heaven" is great, the people of Nan Ren are great, and the Republic, which is tolerant and has a high vision, is great.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nan Rendong had the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
There are young talents and white-haired heroes walking by affably, and there are people clapping gently by the side of the road. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage classification education first entered Jilin kindergarten environmental protection concept from the doll
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education class to teach young children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local preschool education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste at the Prefecture Level in Jilin Province".
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we will realize the effect of using young children to drive the family and kindergartens to drive the society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Fan Er International Kindergarten, who held the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the garden read out the environmental protection initiative, hoping that garbage classification would start with children.
After performing the "Low Carbon Bei Bei" dance, the children started a small game of garbage classification in groups.
The instructor also issued a "recyclable" "other garbage" label, advising the children to stick the label to the trash can and record a small video when they go home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low-carbon, green environmental protection and regularly opened environmental protection lecture halls.
Classifiable trash cans are also set up at the garbage drop place in the garden, which are marked with the type of drop.
The teacher taught the children what is recyclable garbage goose photography
According to preliminary statistics, Jilin Province produced about 5.4652 million tons of urban domestic waste in 2018, all of which went into domestic waste disposal sites for treatment.
Among them, 3.2929 million tons were landfilled, 2.0923 million tons were burned, and 801 million tons were treated by comprehensive utilization process.
After many years of efforts, all cities and counties in the province have the capacity for harmless treatment of domestic waste.
The "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste in Jilin Province" which has been issued, explicitly calls for in-depth activities such as garbage classification into schools, teaching materials and classrooms, and to strengthen the interaction between students and parents through the creation of garbage classification songs, songs, cartoons, microvideos and other works, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and cultivating a new generation".
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117,015 vehicles.
Due to the impact of insufficient new cars and reduced price cuts, sales in China fell by 21%.
Japan's domestic sales decreased by 6%, and the demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 also decreased by 13% compared with the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
Sales of China's main SUV "CX-4" decreased by 14%.
"CX-4" went public in 2016 for a long time, and the effect of new cars has decreased.
Reducing price cuts due to the strategy of improving brand value from a long-term perspective is also known to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year on year, reaching 27,482 vehicles, an increase of 14 months.
In August, sellers had one more business day than the previous year. Together with "strengthening publicity and other promotional activities" (Mazda), the sales of SUVs "CX-5" increased.
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said the emergency buying before the tax increase "did not reach the level it was last time (2014)".
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
The political legacy of Chirac's death
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is in a situation not seen in a century, many of the political legacies left by the French politician when he was in power are still worthy of our praise.
Chirac served as president of France for 12 years in a charismatic way.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullist, but also firmly supported European integration, and was a representative figure in the pursuit of the "European Dream".
At the same time, he also strongly advocates world multipolarity and multilateralism, and is a politician with a strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media rated him as "France's outstanding representative on the world stage".
One of Chirac's favorite political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined hands with Germany to resist the pressure of the United States and was at the forefront of the anti-war.
A year after the outbreak of the war, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to the intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was very correct.
At a time when European integration is wandering and American unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choice on international politics and global affairs is undoubtedly of great enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and kind.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of Sino-French relations. After he was first elected President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with the strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France grew rapidly, and the cooperation between the two countries in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transport and other fields made breakthrough progress.
The Sino-French Culture Year initiated by Chirac created a brand-new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's love for Chinese culture throughout his life is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems of Li Bai and Du Fu, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"Not looking at the pyramids is not really going to Egypt, not looking at the terracotta warriors is not really going to China" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
Chirac once said in an interview with a reporter from Xinhua News Agency: "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems caused by China's economic growth and China's political status in the world.
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization. Its experience is enough to help it establish ideas and values to achieve harmonious development and assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The people have gone, but the political legacy and enlightenment left by Chirac to the world will last forever.
The "7th China Computer Federation Big Data Academic Conference" with the theme "Gathering Light Valley and Enjoy the Future" was inaugurated in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly a thousand experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Federation (CCF) and jointly hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and the Huazhong University of Science and Technology. It organized 5 invited reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss the research results of big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and science and technology.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference aims to strengthen contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, promote multidisciplinary cross-integration and the development of big data industry. After seven sessions, it has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, which focuses on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has been extended to basic theory, technology application and other fields.
Members of the establishment of the Legislative Council of the HKSAR jointly oppose the US Hong Kong bill
Some establishment members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House and Senate of the United States Congress.
The statement, co-sponsored by 40 establishment members, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements with different countries and regions around the world in the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong strictly abides by international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, trades with different countries and regions, and participates in cooperation in many relevant fields.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House and Senate of the United States to pass the relevant bill was not necessary, but only in response to the call of its evil agents, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and gaining political leverage for its agents in Hong Kong.
Establishment lawmakers expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the move by the United States.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good location for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, in addition to hitting the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, it will also make Sino-US relations worse, with no benefit and harm to others.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems" continue to enjoy the rights conferred by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfil its obligations.
Whether in the past, now or in the future, Hong Kong will continue to make due contributions to the international community and international trade.
According to the report of the European Times on the 26th, the two houses of the French Parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time it should try to "accept it properly".
According to the report, Macron is trying to find a compromise on immigration to slow the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, in an interview during the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, United States, Macron said he hoped to have a real "two-pronged" plan on immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
"If France wants to accept [immigrants] properly, it cannot accept everyone," Macron said.
Macron listed four priorities of immigration policy: to grant asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of migrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all migrants entering French territory; and to resettle more efficiently those who enter France illegally and are not suitable to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the most discussed topic before.
Macron said he wanted to be able to "evaluate" the system, but not to abolish it, but to limit it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right "National Union" tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk".
Senate Speaker Rachel, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face reality" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Valau, a left-wing Socialist MP, believed that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report pointed out that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for a year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it has failed to appease the right-wing opposition.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of attack by the far right. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but will also risk infuriating the left within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "buy-back wave", and many listed companies have taken out "real gold and silver" to buy back their shares.
According to the statistics of Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan (Renminbi, the same below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years and reaching an all-time high.
In response, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd. said that the overall valuation of the A-share market this year is low, and the repurchase of shares at a relatively low price will help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow, which will help to boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued rules for the implementation of share repurchase by listed companies, providing detailed standards and guidelines for share repurchase by listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, the listed companies that have implemented the repurchase plan are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, in terms of the amount of repurchase payment, six listed companies repurchased more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, the first is Yili shares, whose repurchase amount exceeds 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice president of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with a reporter from the China News Service that the repurchase shows, on the one hand, that the listed company has a strong economic strength and a good financial situation, and has the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, the market and the investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have high quality.
For the capital market, these are the most core basic elements.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is beneficial to boost investor confidence and support the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the calculation of the Oriental Securities Research Report, according to the expected number of share buybacks set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of repurchased shares, the incremental capital brought by repurchased shares to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
For nearly two months, the restoration of the large-scale mural "Tian Hou Temple Map" in Tianjin Tianhou Palace, a key national cultural protection unit, was announced to end on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during this year's National Day.
"Tian Hou Temple Map" is a large-scale traditional mural that comprehensively reflects Mazu's life.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was drawn by Cai Changkui, former director of Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhou Palace), from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north walls of the main hall of the Tianhou Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into two parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth of the queen, the crossing of the sea and the ascension of the feather. 358 characters reproduce the life stories of Mazu.
Cai Changkui introduced that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "wet and dry" has led to the rupture of the murals, which accounts for 60% of the total mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Management Committee of Ancient Culture Street in Nankai District, Tianjin and the Tianhou Palace launched the restoration project of the Tianhou Palace Hall and the murals in the temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and invited four famous Chinese painters to participate together.
The restoration work was based on the principle of "building old as old". At the same time, the original murals were partially adjusted, and the original murals were not perfect.
In the restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were maintained.
The Tianhou Palace was built in 1326. Originally known as the Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Lady's Palace, has been rebuilt many times. It is the oldest complex in Tianjin. It is also one of the earliest Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the delivery ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was solemnly held.
The shape of the terminal of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix spreading its wings", which is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, becoming the world's second annual passenger throughput airport after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is expected that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million, with international flights accounting for 20%. By 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. It is 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square. It is currently the largest new airport in the world.
The roof steel structure of its terminal has a projected area of 180,000 square meters and is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the first terminal in the world with two arrival floors and two departure floors - F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
The double-decker bridge outside the terminal connecting the high speed and the airport corresponds to the terminal F3 and F4 respectively - the international departure takes the upper floor, and the domestic departure can take both floors.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "double airports".
The new airport is positioned as a large-scale international aviation hub, a new power source for national development and a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei regional integrated transportation hub that supports the construction of Xiong'an New Area. So far, a total of 66 airlines intend to enter Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and foreign airlines have been approved at all times.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, of which 101 are domestic and 15 are international, covering 112 destinations around the world, including 97 domestic and 15 international.
This has formed a "dual hub" airport pattern with coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness with Beijing Capital International Airport, which not only alleviates the operating pressure of capital airport capacity saturation, but also better meets the urgent need of rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. The airport runway adopts the "omnidirectional" layout for the first time in China, adopts the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and establishes China's largest terminal control area, which can maximize the efficiency of aviation operation.
Domestic airports of this size have used the home-made automatic baggage processing and information management system for the first time, adopting an innovative luggage transmission mode to improve the efficiency of the luggage system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralds the cool take-off of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts, with a localization rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Malaysian Chinese is tentatively scheduled to hold a general meeting in November to be transferred to the age of 16
Malaysian Chinese is tentatively scheduled to hold a central congress in early November to amend the Party Constitution to lower the age of joining the Party to 16 years.
With the approval of the National Assembly to lower the voting age for the general election, Malaysian Chinese announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, put forward proposals to amend the Party Constitution, including lowering the age of Malaysian Chinese's membership in the Party from the current 18 years to 16 years.
The president of the Malaysian Chinese Association, Dato 'Sri Wei Jiaxiang, said that the Malaysian Chinese Central Committee was scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election for the seat in the National Assembly of Tanjung Piai, the date of the Congress may be changed.
He said that as the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and voting day for the by-election for the national seat of Tanjung Piai, they will meet the following day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of the Central Committee held yesterday (26) was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the party constitution. It only happened that Dato Mohamed Farid, a member of Congress of the United Indigenous Party Tanjung Piai, died and joined the agenda of the by-election for the national seat.
Wang Boxiang, former Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943. He took part in work in 1967. He served successively as township party secretary, county party secretary, mayor and other positions.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was appointed Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During the five years of Shouguang's tenure, Wang Boxiang, with the heart of the people, concentrated his efforts on three things: first, to promote the industrialization of vegetables; secondly, to develop Shoubei salt and alkali beach; and thirdly, to lay the foundation for the transformation of industry, so that Shouguang people bulged up their pockets and straightened up their waist.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and have also had lessons in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables but could not sell them and rotted in the field.
Wang Boxiang's research found that the key to catching vegetables is to do good circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in building a vegetable wholesale market and opened the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party cadres should take the lead, mess up, and bear all the losses in the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members including Sanyuan Zhucun Wang Leyi and other 17 party members set up 17 winter warm vegetable greenhouses. In that year, 17 "double 10,000 yuan households" emerged in the village.
Subsequently, a promotion group was set up in the county. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured and guided in various towns. In the first year, he promoted more than 5,000 vegetable greenhouses, after which the vegetable greenhouses were pushed to the county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, in addition to salt and alkali beaches, is shallow sea beaches.
The local people live very hard.
Shounan has a vegetable greenhouse, what about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized 100,000 people to engage in a general war and camped on the barren alkali beach for 40 or 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and lived on the construction site, carrying the burden like migrant workers, eating and sleeping rough. When the common people saw them, they all stretched out their thumb and admired... At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp pond, 200,000 mu of salt field and 600,000 mu of cotton field, and developed a "treasure basin" on the saline-alkali beach.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as a county party secretary.
During the meeting, a "Comparative table of industrial economic figures in 12 counties and urban areas of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, Shouguang was good and ranked fourth.
But if the original salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang, with a group of more than 70 people, ran to the field to "change his mind".
Less than a year back, the county invested 150 million yuan and went on 77 projects.
Since then, "learning groups" have been organized every year to learn lessons in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and even more entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over the thematic meeting: the factory director manager was publicly selected in the county, and 40 "career-minded capable people" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the vice mayor of Weifang.
What he left behind was more than 200,000 vegetable greenhouses, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "10,000 yuan households" and a cadre recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our Boxiang Secretary".
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the foreign ministers' meeting of China and African members of the UN Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
African current UN Security Council member Foreign Minister Tano of Ivory Coast, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jechinawi of Tunisia attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward a four-point proposal on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the UN Security Council.
First, rely on unity to make strength.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are challenged and the role of the United Nations is affected, to the detriment of the interests of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to work hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder, so unity can have strength.
In the UN Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not only on three votes, but on the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow up and influence and shape the agenda of the UN Security Council.
Since 2018, China and the African members of the UN Security Council have established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism. We should make full use of this coordination mechanism.
Secondly, disputes should be resolved through negotiation.
China has always advocated the political resolution of hot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation, as well as the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the UN Security Council's agenda, especially hot spots in Africa, are mostly the root causes of colonialism, while some are directly related to external factors.
We should jointly make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in mediation and mediation.
Thirdly, rely on self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best. Africa also has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the UN Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting Africa's will, should give full play to the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote the capacity-building of independent peace operations in Africa.
Fourthly, development should govern the root.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We should put economic and social development first and support each other's chosen development path.
China is willing to closely link the "one belt, one road" with the African Union's Agenda 2063, the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
We should jointly promote the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has erupted again. China has made and will continue to make every effort to provide human and material assistance to the best of its ability, and is ready to coordinate its actions with African countries to mobilize the United Nations, World Health Organization and others to increase their assistance and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal department and other relays save small lives.
It's thrilling!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack. On her way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby couldn't wait to be born on her father's car.
Fortunately, obstetrics and neonatal pediatricians dealt with it in time, and the relay saved the little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of Hubei Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both of which were 29 weeks of premature babies.
Ms. Cheng was a second pregnant mother. At 7 a.m. on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach, thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and that the first child was premature. She packed up the items to be delivered and went directly to the hospital after taking a bath.
After 9: 30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I didn't expect that soon after the car left the house, the baby couldn't wait to be born on his father's car.
Twenty minutes later, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynaecology building of Hubei Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital.
When the hospital security guard saw the flustered couple and the baby, he immediately informed the obstetric delivery room. Deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and other four doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord disc.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the car driver, with amniotic fluid and blood water under her body, and a baby boy was next to her, with an umbilical cord attached."
Zhang Huan inquired that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. On the way, the parents did not have time to cover the package for the child. The morning of early autumn was cool. His skin was pale with cold, he did not cry, and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the deputy driver to handle the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan got in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped several layers of warmth for the child with the treatment towel and the cloth of the delivery bag, cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (pictured), and then carried the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
When the neonatal medical care learned the news, it immediately rushed to the nurse station to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby's face was purple and there was asphyxiation and lack of oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him a tracheal intubation. In less than a minute, the baby recovered his heartbeat, the skin color gradually returned to rosy, and the recovery was successful.
After admission to hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on an invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, he breathed smoothly, and was successfully withdrawn the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and has begun to breastfeed in small quantities.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles and were 29 weeks of premature babies. They are currently actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of the obstetrics department of the Provincial Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital, introduced that in recent years, the provincial Maternity and Child Health Care Hospital have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. Poor handling of this situation may threaten the life safety of the mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that once the pregnant mother has abdominal pain, broken water, red and other phenomena, she should come to the hospital immediately.
In case of being in the basin at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie in a flat position. She can put a blanket under the buttocks to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery and sent to the nearest doctor as soon as possible.
Yuexin Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair affiliate.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zicheng, general manager of Yue Airlines Company, said that the company's joint partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is also the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for both sides in the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of rich experience between Yue Airlines and ST Engineering will help the associated companies to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Yue Airlines to join the aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market with great potential.
At the same time, there is a great opportunity to come into contact with modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries in the world - Xinhua
A few days ago, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the "White Paper on Global Manufacturing Innovation Index" in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Congress Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrading, comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing industry from the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, discussed in depth the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing industry, continuously improved the high-quality application of intellectual property rights, and accelerated the construction of intelligent upgrading advantages in the manufacturing industry.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and make suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Quality Analysis and Evaluation of Patent Navigation Innovation and Development in Anhui Province". According to the results of the Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and High Quality Development Index, Anhui Province's 2018 Patent Navigation Regional Innovation and High Quality Development Index ranked eighth among the country's 31 provinces, regions and cities, and the Innovation Factor Concentration Index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019 China Open Competition opens today with a number of Olympic champions participating in the opening ceremony
Many Olympic champions attend the opening ceremony and the audience will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the Youth Choir
The 2019 China Open will officially start filming at the National Tennis Center today. Before the evening first game, the organizing committee will hold a short and solemn opening ceremony. Many Olympic champions and sports celebrities will gather at the Diamond Court. The guests and spectators attending the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the children of the Youth Choir.
In the next nine days, including the National Day Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans on holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn, and this year it is the 16th time.
The total amount of awards for this year's China Open competition also reached an all-time high, reaching US $11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize for the women's crown competition was US $7.64 million. Compared with the Indian Wells and Miami crown competitions, the latter two women's singles competitions were 96 signatures, while the Chinese net was 60 signatures, so the Chinese net competition was more "cost-effective" for the players.
The total bonus for the men's ATP500 competition reached an all-time high, rising from US $3.4 million last year to US $3.52 million. The number of bonuses continued to lead the ATP500 competition, while the total bonus for the ATP500 Tokyo station held the same week was about US $2 million.
There will be a short and solemn opening ceremony before the first game scheduled at the Centre Court tonight.
In addition to leaders and some players, there will also be 10 outstanding players from various fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The first game of the Centre Court arranged after the opening ceremony was a first round of WTA, with China's Golden Flower Peng Shuai against Russian player Kasatkina, and the next second game, with American rookie Sofia Kenin challenging the 2015 China Open women's singles champion Muguraza, thus opening the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British Subway newspaper, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She ranks fifth in the order of succession to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozi are engaged."
Britain said the two were engaged in Italy at the beginning of this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
The two said in a statement that we are very happy to share the news of the engagement.
We are excited to be able to embark on the journey of life together. We can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial of the new rules on free throws. Each free throw is made only once, and the score is determined by the foul situation.
O'Neal has a low free throw hit rate among NBA stars.
The new rules stipulate that two points can be scored for two-point shooting fouls, three points for three-point shooting fouls, and one point for fouls and penalties.
The last two minutes of the regular time and overtime will follow the previous free throw rules.
Although this regulation is only tried in the NBA development league in the new season, fans are more concerned about what impact it will have on the current players if it is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new rules may be beneficial to "Big Beard" Harden, while James, who is not so good at free throws, will "suffer".
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a subsidy of up to 20 million yuan
The reporter learned from the series of press conferences held by the Wuhan Government Information Office on the 27th that since the beginning of this year, the city has accelerated the intelligent transformation of industry and implemented transformation subsidy measures of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises has been collected.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Economic and Informatization Bureau, introduced that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to provide free consultation and diagnosis services and propose solutions for industrial enterprises above the scale in need, so as to comprehensively promote a new round of high-level enterprise technological transformation.
According to the plan, Wuhan City publicly selects a number of professional diagnostic service institutions every year to conduct a survey of intelligent transformation needs for industrial enterprises of all sizes and above in the city by setting up columns, questionnaires and door-to-door filing.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises have collected information on the intelligent transformation needs of industrial enterprises, accounting for nearly one-third of the number of industrial enterprises above the size of the city.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter enterprises in batches to carry out "one-on-one" on-site evaluation and scheme demonstration.
Zhang Hong introduced that at present, the city is organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan. Hongxin Communications China's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory, Aerospace Science and Industry's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng Biological World's leading new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, Obang Smart Home Internet of Things intelligent production line and other leading intelligent workshops and smart factories in the industry have started construction.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased its financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, according to their actual completion of investment; including equipment hardware investment, research and development software investment, 8%, up to 20 million yuan of transformation subsidy will be given.
At the same time, it will actively join hands with financial institutions such as the Bank of Communications and the Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Business to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously alleviate the financing pressure of enterprises.
Trudeau's "human collapse", can he still be successfully re-elected
The "big pit" that stumbled Trudeau out of his head this time was dug by Trudeau himself.
Recently, the Canadian media revealed a number of old photos of the current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau dressed himself as a black image.
This was considered an obvious act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public after the incident.
However, Canadians do not buy much.
Trudeau lifted a stone and hit himself in the foot.
As political critic Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-black face movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been high-profile accusing the opposition or dissidents within the party of "losing money" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be expelled immediately".
Simply put, the "big pit" that stumbled Trudeau out of his head this time was dug by Trudeau himself.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first started, there was a whirlwind of "political idol".
Originally a "political man" after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election - the Federal Liberal Party held more than half of the seats in the federal lower house and won the valuable right to form a separate cabinet.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality", "ecological environmental protection", "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "bad practices".
However, in his five years in power, he has been "high and low" in almost all of the above-mentioned aspects.
Take the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality", leaving aside the "black face" incident, he had previously "paid lip service" on a series of Aboriginal issues, causing Aboriginal groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gate of Parliament Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In terms of eradicating corruption, at the beginning of last year, Trudeau was involved in the boiling "Lavalin Incident".
It was revealed that the construction engineering company "Lavalin" in his hometown had committed major violations and malpractices for personal gain, and put pressure on the departments and officials responsible for the investigation and investigation, asking the latter to "raise their hands".
Moreover, Trudeau was angry with the official who disclosed the fraud case - Wang Zhoudi, mentioned above, was the then Attorney General of Canada who first disclosed the fraud case and directly handled the case.
Although the case itself has doubts, its suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly caused by his own "planing pit" and the biggest "pit" was "tiger head and tail" "self-eating" and "lenient than self-discipline and strict with people".
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll data show that since 2015, respondents who support Trudeau have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their party leaders have performed equally poorly, even a significant proportion of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are now dismissive of the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the play that won a resounding victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is in a state of super-saturated operation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the service capacity of the Capital Airlines.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China with two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also serve different domestic and international aviation services and provide more subdivided services.
Daxing Airport navigation, from the point of view of business development, is more positive for the Capital Airport.
In 2018, the passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million, ranking first in the country, but compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still an obvious poor capacity, especially a large gap in the demand for international routes.
In order to better serve the tourism and travel needs of domestic and foreign passengers, and to adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing's increasing openness and international integration, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport. It is planned to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million and cargo and mail throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and both have sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the economic account level, the navigation of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, ease the tension of Beijing's aviation capacity, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the navigation of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to focus on the capital airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes, such as the longer the guarantee time for crossing the station, the slower the boarding speed of passengers, indirectly increasing the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, increasing the burden of airport operation, and actually improving the travel experience of passengers through the capital airport.
According to the media's estimation of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, such as taking the Jingkai Expressway from the South Fifth Ring Road directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway, you can get there in 50 minutes by car, with a round-trip cost of about 40 yuan and a high-speed cost of 15 yuan; and choose the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line, the distance is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Jingxiong intercity, which takes more than 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
In general, citizens have a variety of means of transport to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the point of view of trend development: Daxing Airport is positioned as a transportation hub of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, so it is a little far from the city of Beijing, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates more people to travel, and is of great significance to drive the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line directly to Daxing Airport in Beijing, there are a number of highways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding areas.
This is just as passengers from cities such as Dongguan, Foshan and Qingyuan in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport through highways such as Guangfo and Guangshen. Residents around Langfang and Xiong'an New Area in Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has not only added several runways and several aircraft. Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching and positive significance. It not only concerns the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, provides diversified options for the travel of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, promotes the further improvement of the service quality of Beijing's shipping industry, and is more conducive to promoting the integrated development process of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, driving the economic and trade development of the surrounding areas of Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only calculate the small account of the individual, but also the big account of the overall development.
Small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46% on the 27th - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index opened high and went high, and finally closed at 6077.23 points, an increase of 87.55 points, or 1.46%, over the previous trading day.
On that day, the transaction amount of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded by small and medium-sized boards on the same day, 668 stocks closed higher, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative Architectural Design rose and stopped; 222 stocks closed lower, 4 stocks such as Shunwei shares fell; and 40 stocks such as Weixing shares closed.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum held in Chengtian Shunhua Province
Nguyen Duc Jian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain the growth trend.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants exchanged in-depth views and views on four themes, including economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some outstanding issues in Vietnam's economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and forecasts and suggestions for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that in the first months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
Trade frictions between major economies have further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has determined that, despite the uncertainty of the global economy, in which 70% of the world's economies have fallen into a state of stagnation, Vietnam's economic development has made many welcome achievements. The macro-economy has operated smoothly and inflation has been effectively controlled. The consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64% in the first half of 2019, the lowest increase in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019, although lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, but the increase is still a high level compared with the same period in the period 2011-2017.
In forecasting the development trend of Vietnam's economy in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that under the background of world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will remain basically stable, the implementation of various free trade agreements will promote trade development, economic restructuring and the improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade frictions, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, take the initiative to find trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, find opportunities to expand new export markets, and create facilities for the export of agricultural and aquatic products and other commodities.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be controlled at a reasonable level in order to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, Director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to improving global economic governance and promoting global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's livelihood well-being.
Liu Zhijie introduced that, as the world's second largest economy, China's contribution to world economic growth exceeds 30%, especially China's "one belt, one road" initiative. Cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and Siem Reap and the provinces of the region has been deepening.
He said that this year is the opening year of 61 years of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have a brotherly friendship, and China-Cambodia mutually beneficial cooperation will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
Diseha, governor of Siem Reap Province, highly praised the great achievements of New China over the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the results of friendly cooperation.
Diseha expects both sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit and continuously improve the people's living standards.
Diseha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and China's provinces and cities have been remarkable. So far, it has established friendly city relations with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large-scale cultural and performing arts projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Provincial Government Officials Special Training Course, Siem Reap Scholarship for Students to Study in China, Rural Free Diagnosis, Construction and Rehabilitation of Urban Roads, Cataract Restoration Public Welfare Project "Guangming" and other cooperation have been fruitful. In the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
The State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Ken Wensong, the Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Weng Heng, the governors of the five provinces, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian-Chinese Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian-Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of foreign leaders in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the Ten-Year "Cloud Rise" of Digital China in Yunqi Town - Xinhua
If the 2009 local website forum is taken as the origin, the 2019 Cloud Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "going up the cloud" big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies to support China's economic development, social management and public services in 10 years.
In the Zhengtai new energy photovoltaic cell workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, there were recently many new "colleagues" loaded with Alibaba Cloud artificial intelligence next to the quality inspector.
It has no rest for 24 hours, the recognition speed is more than twice that of man, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has focused on learning more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective batteries.
This enterprise is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing helping to transform the manufacturing industry.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprises to the Cloud (2018-2020)" which proposed that by 2020, it would strive to achieve a marked increase in the awareness and enthusiasm of enterprises to the cloud, and a significant increase in the proportion and depth of application of the cloud.
Wang Jian, founder of Alibaba Cloud, said that today, data-centered cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy in which data is a key element.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has been expanding.
According to the White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019) released by the Chinese Academy of Information and Communication Technology in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unconsciously changed urban management and social life.
At this year's cloud conference, the "urban brain" that appeared for three consecutive years still attracted attention.
Alibaba Cloud introduced that at present, the urban brain has become an urban management center from a traffic management tool, and the related cooperative application has been extended to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the urban brain can realize new urban management service functions such as "stop first and pay later" "real-time perception of the number of visits" "tourism route design".
In the field of government service, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing", and "handheld office" is promoted jointly. Cloud computing brings convenience to both ends of the supply of government service.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform through government affairs.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million resident people and more than 15 million legal units in the province, bringing together 3,066 categories of 19.08 billion data.
The average number of data called and shared among government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times per month. Every time the data flow on the "cloud" it may mean that the masses do less errands.
Be careful to make tea with plastic tea bags!
According to the "Central News Agency" a recent study in Canada found that a bag of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year, but so far there is no evidence that the ingestion of plastic particles will pose a threat to human beings.
It is reported that researchers at McGill University in Canada found that by immersing plastic tea bags in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano-plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year and inhales the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. The researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for five minutes, and analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectroscope.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders of magnitude higher than the previous plastic load of other foods".
According to the report, most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many tea bag brands that use natural fibers still use plastic to seal.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper and have turned to plastic, which are the subjects tested by the researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastics. Researchers define these microplastics to be between 100 nm and 5 mm in size, mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world, as well as in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers first found plastic particles in human excrement samples from several countries in different regions of the world.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put daphnia into contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these daphnia and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence so far that the ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to human beings.
However, WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on human beings.
The researchers speculate that the reason why these tea bags release a large number of plastic particles may be that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when "edible grade" plastic is heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, it may break down or seep out toxic substances.
Guterres said the climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster will erode the development gains of a generation.
This is illustrated by the disasters in Babuda, Dominicana and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes this year.
About a quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or less.
Relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life, and even cause problems of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island states worked together to achieve carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030, thus once again leading the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is accumulating new injustices on old ones.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must act, and now is the time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, especially heavily indebted middle-income countries, access finance.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the lifeline of the planet, the oceans.
The latest special report released by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week confirms that the oceans have suffered the severe consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many areas may experience some extreme sea-level rise that would have occurred only once in a century every year.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has increased tenfold in the past 40 years.
The needs of industry, shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also working to address the security impact of illicit trafficking in persons, arms and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples that the world can learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case for sustainable development.
They need the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is liquid.
Indian Finance Minister Sitharaman said on the 26th that the current financial system is liquid. Driven by holiday consumption demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of the current fiscal year.
Sitharaman made the above statement after a meeting with representatives of Indian private banks, non-bank financial intermediaries, housing banks and other institutions.
Sitharaman did not explain the relevance of these statements.
Previously, some Indian and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown of India's economy to the tight liquidity of non-bank financial intermediaries.
Sitharaman cited the decline in car sales as an example and denied that liquidity constraints were the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitharaman pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitharaman predicts that, driven by holiday consumption, India's economic growth may recover in the second half of the fiscal year.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Education Department recently issued a notice prohibiting primary and secondary schools in the province from making up classes during the National Day holiday, and will organize personnel to conduct unannounced visits at random.
In the "Notice on the Prohibition of Illegal Remedial Classes during the National Day Holiday" the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education stressed that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely do so during the National Day: they should not organize students to make up lessons or take new lessons collectively, they should not hold subject training courses, specialty classes, Olympic Games classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., and should not rent campuses and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to participate in illegal remedial classes in and out of school, in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in illegal remedial classes in out-of-school training institutions or organized by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and in-service primary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited from introducing students and providing relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The notice makes it clear that for the verified violations of remedial classes in primary and secondary schools, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction of points in the high-quality development education assessment of the county-level government that year; the teachers involved in the violations will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant regulations on the ethics of teachers.
Support pig production to ensure market supply
Sui Zhongcheng requires the implementation of measures from six aspects
The province's television teleconference to promote pig production and guarantee market supply was held today to remobilize and redeploy the implementation of the policy measures of the central, provincial and provincial governments to support pig production and guarantee market supply.
Sui Zhongcheng requires the implementation of measures for pig production from six aspects.
Do a good job in the implementation of the "vegetable basket" mayor's responsibility system. This year, the clear task of 45 million pigs in the province has been broken down to all cities and states and included in the responsibility system assessment.
Do a good job in the implementation of policies and measures and earnestly solve the problem of "the last kilometer" of policy implementation.
We will do a good job in the implementation of the production of fertile sows, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for good seeds of fertile sows, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select excellent sows from the commercial pig population.
Do a good job in the implementation of attracting investment, and take the well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority of attracting investment.
Do a good job in the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for pigs, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "pig adjustment" to "meat adjustment".
To do a good job in the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the scale of aquaculture and work tasks, and build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Zhongcheng requires that every effort be made to guarantee the supply of the meat market, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortage or large-scale supply cuts, and to ensure a stable supply of pork on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of African swine fever in Africa, the prohibition of fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River basin in our province, and the acquisition of middle and late rice in the province.
Talking about the situation of the motherland, the national soul of the White Rabbit and other representatives of Shanghai time-honored brands take party classes for college students
"I and my motherland" campus punch point to make college students "happy not to think about Shu".
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai soap-making, Shao Wansheng, White Rabbit and four well-known Shanghai time-honored brands gathered at East China University of Science and Technology on the 27th for the "Art Party Course". Four representatives of Shanghai time-honored brands with an average history of more than 90 years told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the time-honored brands.
On the spot, the products of old brands are displayed.
The love story in the classroom made the students sigh that the product display exhibition of the old brand was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and the "Me and My Motherland" campus punch-in point made the college students "happy not to think about Shu".
White Rabbit lip balm, White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand, White Rabbit lactose has actively sought change in recent years, taking the initiative to attack, adhering to innovation and cross-border.
The White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary and deputy general manager of the Party branch of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in summer, eating liquor-saturated shrimp in autumn, eating liquor-saturated crab in winter clouds" reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating".
The company also further excavates brand culture from taste innovation and cartoon packaging design in order to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The representative of the old brand spoke about the road of innovation at the scene of the "Art Party Class".
Yu Jie, manager of Seafood Spareribs New Year Cake Catering Co. Ltd. also believes that "all innovation is inseparable from a solid foundation. Every innovation of the old brand is a process of thick and thin hair.
The expectation of the old brand is hidden in everyone's heart.
With products as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first "old Chinese brands" in China, seafood also quickly adapted to the market trend, upgraded the brand VI vision, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
"Old brands can not only be seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now old brands will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All our changes should ultimately achieve such a goal, which is to enable consumers to see, hear and finally be able to buy."
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co. Ltd., said.
In the future, Shanghai soap production will also adhere to high-end development, system development of energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students gained a lot.
The old brand accompanied my growth and carried the good memories and feelings of my childhood. "
Song Qiyuan lamented.
Representatives of time-honored brands in Shanghai tell more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of time-honored brands.
Zhou Yiting said that how to excavate brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture pass on from generation to generation is a problem that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
Based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, Dean of the School of Arts of East China University of Science and Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Old Brand Integrated Brand Innovation Studio" this party course hopes to deeply explore the cultural potential and modern commercial value of old brands, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of old Shanghai brands, enhance the cultural radiation of old Shanghai brands, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1
It is reported that the "art party class" will also continue to invite literary and historical masters, painting masters, ceramics masters, non-heritage masters, architecture masters and garden landscape masters to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will talk about the innovation and adherence to the inheritance of Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, speak with works, make works vocal, innovate the form of party class, do the theme party class that students love, enhance the ideological, theoretical, affinity and pertinence of the party class, improve the appeal of the party class, and cultivate new people who can take on the responsibility of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to wish the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and said a sentence in Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I'm Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to express warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, China and Japan cooperated for the success of the summit and declared the firm will of the G20 to the world through the Declaration of the G20 Leaders Osaka Summit.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring, and unanimously resolved to usher in a new era between China and Japan.
China and Japan jointly shoulder a great responsibility for the peace and prosperity of Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the joint efforts of the two countries to address the problems facing the region and the world and to contribute to the international community will be beneficial to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish China-Japan relations to flourish and my friends a prosperous career.
"It is estimated that over-age migrant workers on some construction sites account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many "old people" on the construction site. "
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been an engineering contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented that there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
Recently, the university where the author is located has carried out rain pollution diversion projects. There have been many migrant workers on the campus. If you pay attention, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers in it.
Over-age migrant workers go out to work not "idle", but because "they cannot be idle", they have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so" - whether they save money to solve their old-age and medical problems or help their children, they drive these old people who should have been "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old dependence" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing for children to read books, helping children to build buildings and buy cars, helping children to start a family and raise grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks", their money bags have been emptied and even have a lot of debts, and most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they can't do it".
Many "post-80" "post-90" or even "post-00" new generations of migrant workers are unwilling to engage in the secondary industry or low-end service industry with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "shortage of employment". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills and the decline in physical function and labor ability, many over-age migrant workers are doing jobs with high intensity, low income, high risk and less security.
An able day is a day, and it is a little more to earn. The survival predicament of over-age migrant workers behind "cannot be idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problem of wage arrears and wage collection, improve labor protection, reduce safety risks, increase labor income, and improve the survival status of over-age migrant workers. In addition to their "self-salvation", they are also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars pointed out that over-age migrant workers are unlikely to rely on home farming to solve their old-age and medical problems. They must support their families through other means.
Understanding the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers "cannot be idle" will help us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sigh, and trying to make them return to the countryside to truly realize "old age" requires the public sector, the market and society to share responsibility in benign interaction, and requires the joint efforts of many parties.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export such a system in the next five years because "it will first supply its own army before it will carry out export production".
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their own defense needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Grekhov, deputy commander-in-chief of the Russian Aerospace Forces, said the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" Air-sky Defense Kantzern.
This is a new generation of air defense systems that use the working principles used to destroy ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some data, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles, as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed five times the speed of sound, and even targets located near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into a unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from a national defense perspective.
Sergey Chemezov expressed special concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian army also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic Air Defense Corps.
According to the news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Xindi Island Arctic Air Defense Corps has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization of the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said that this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
The news service of the Russian Northern Fleet said: "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly."
Very importantly, according to the military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the far north and the Arctic.
The officers and soldiers of the air defense regiment trained for the new system and were ready to enter combat duty.
Previously, it was equipped with an S-300 long-range air defense system, which is still partially retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether high-speed flying targets at outer altitudes or "leaky fish" close to protected facilities.
According to open sources, the S-400 "Triumph" (Triumph) system, developed by "Golden Diamond-Antai" Air-sky Defense Kantsen, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second within a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia has never hidden that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the safety of the airspace of the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor-M2DT" anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at that time that the Arctic "Thor" force would be expanded to a complete brigade-level establishment in the future.
Together with the S-400 long-range system newly deployed to Xindi Island and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the far north, these advanced air defense weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complex and long process of opening their own stores.
As a Russian store operator, the Russian company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Epinduo have online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, multi-purpose instant messaging software WeChat, and have their own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian commodity retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products enterprises.
The store plans to open by the end of this year and put on shelves the products of at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the data of the Russian Export Center, the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is as high as 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, exceeding US $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million roubles.
To tell you the truth, my expectations are higher, and the sales of 500 million roubles are still insignificant.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our goods as high-quality and green products. "
Kozhevnikov said that the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and increasing.
"Our goal is ambitious, launching 500 companies through this store within three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also frame the products of enterprises in the Russian Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Basic Teaching and Research of Trade Policy at Russia's Plechanov Economic University.
"I don't see a large number of highly competitive Russian goods in the market."
He believes that the project will probably not really be implemented, but it will help to strengthen bilateral relations.
According to the Russian Agency of International Information, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Oriental Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased both in China and in other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely, a training project for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University, whose first seminar was held in July this year.
At the Second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also act as an organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also become the center for holding commercial project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, promotion meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The Information Service of the Russian Export Center said: "In addition to the agricultural exhibition stand, we will certainly hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contacts between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the fair will also hold master classes, cooking competitions and a review of Russian cuisine cooked by famous Russian chefs of the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Food" project.
After the autopsy court of Mohamud Adi, who died in the line of duty, ruled that the cause of death was not accidental on Friday, the police waited for the full report and the instructions of the General Prosecutor's Office before taking the next step.
Dato 'Huzel of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau issued a statement on Friday that, according to the autopsy court's ruling, the police will wait for the most further instructions from the General Prosecutor's Office.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the death of Mohamud, and the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, Selangor Darul Ehsan Chief Constable Noazhan said the police would wait for a complete report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded when he was asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the Deputy Chief Constable of Selangor Darul Ehsan at the Selangor Darul Ehsan Police Headquarters on Friday morning.
He said the police investigated the case on the basis of the relevant report.
He added that the police would also follow the progress of the investigation and decide whether to summon people who had previously been recorded for questioning.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently took Chang'an Street and its route as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscaping landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up the capital and dress up for the National Day.
In recent days, 12 gorgeous and diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscapes along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens to watch and take pictures.
These flower beds have distinct themes, starting from the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen to the end of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, bringing together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and showing the happy life of the people.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau introduced that this year's greening environment layout makes full use of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
The flower bed is placed with more than 230 varieties, including 16 self-cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 local plants.
China's self-selected three chrysanthemum varieties of "cold dew jinghui" "gorgeous autumn candy" "colorful autumn" have been applied for the first time.
In order to celebrate the National Day, Beijing has also recently carried out a comprehensive remediation of the city's landscaping landscape environment, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers and shrubs and 2.3 million square meters of lawn root flowers.
At the same time, 200 theme flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's ring road, the extension of Chang'an Street, the Fragrant Hills Revolutionary Memorial, the perimeter of the new airport and the perimeter of important tourist attractions. The amount of flowers planted on the ground has reached 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 flower style piles, 5000 groups of combination containers have been placed, and 15,000 flower boxes have been hung, thus comprehensively upgrading the green environmental landscape of the capital.
China Releases "China and the United Nations" and Reports on Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Other Issues - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency United Nations, September 26 (reporter Xu Xiaolei Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Actions", "China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019)", and "Report on Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals".
"China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress.
It is pointed out that Chinese President Xi Jinping's proposal to promote the construction of a community of human destiny has become the banner of the diplomacy of large countries with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China participates in international affairs in a more active and productive manner, making greater contributions to world peace and development and assuming more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of peace, development and human rights of the United Nations from 10 aspects.
Reaffirm that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the central role of the United Nations in international affairs; point out that China's development resonates with the development of the world and that the two promote each other; and stress that in the face of the great changes that the world has not seen in a century, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Actions" closely follows the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit and introduces China's policy propositions on international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in addressing climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards addressing climate change as an intrinsic requirement of its own sustainable development and the responsibility of building a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments, and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
The Progress Report on China's Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019) is the second progress report published by China after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combs China's measures, progress, challenges and next plans to implement the 2030 agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements to implement the new development concept and achieve high-quality development.
The cases contained in the report, such as precise poverty eradication, innovation-led development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and joint construction of "one belt, one road" will provide useful lessons for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The Earth Big Data Supporting Sustainable Development Goals Report shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth big data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill data and methodological gaps and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Alumni Association of the Macao Polytechnic Institute - Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Exhibition will be solemnly opened at 6: 00 p.m. on September 29, 2019 at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
People from all walks of life are welcome to visit and guide.
Well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Integrated Design Department of the Macao Polytechnic Institute. Later, they jointly founded the design company in 2013. After five years of efforts, the company has made outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally. The design business is spread all over the world. The business spans more than 10 countries and 25 cities. They have successfully pushed the team design to the international level and are well known.
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they displayed their ingenious design works and shared their entrepreneurial mileage.
On that day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design and development of Macao.
The exhibition will be open from September 29 to October 10, 2019. It will be open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. on holidays as usual.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Lao collectives and individuals won Vietnamese national medals and badges
According to the decision issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21 on the award of the Medal of Independence, Vietnam awarded the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the various organs of the two countries.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued the decision to award the Order of Friendship and the Insignia of Friendship.
According to the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of the two countries.
In her speech at the award ceremony, Nguyen Thi gold silver stressed that the inextricable relationship between the two ethnic groups was formed from a long historical process. The good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relationship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Feng Weihan and carefully cultivated by the leaders and people of the two parties and the two countries, and has become a priceless treasure of the two countries.
Nguyen Thi gold silver stressed that under the complex and changing world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation of the elderly have been continuously consolidated and developed, and are increasingly in-depth and pragmatic.
Nguyen Thi gold silver stressed that the award of the medals and insignia of the Communist Party of Vietnam and the State of Viet Nam to the collectives of the Lao National Assembly and former senior leading cadres is the recognition by the Party, the country and the people of Vietnam of the great credit of the comrades. We hope that the comrades will continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation of the elderly.
Nguyen Thi gold silver stressed that the Communist Party of Vietnam and the State of Vietnam will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Party and the State of Laos, inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the development of the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who won the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Insignia of Friendship have thanked the Vietnamese state for awarding them the honor award and affirmed that it is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes in the United States have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency" on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people across the United States had died from e-cigarette-related diseases, while 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
According to reports, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported the figures and said it had not identified the specific substances that caused the related diseases.
However, most patients reported that they had used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in marijuana that affects mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke atomizers on the black market.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while the 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were notified by 46 states and the United States Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to the report, the Trump administration plans to ban all e-cigarette products other than tobacco from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Smart Station" makes you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Traffic Joint Gaode Map announced that the country's first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" will officially land in Nanjing. At that time, 54 bus electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade Nanjing's information service level, improve the efficiency of public transport services and the travel happiness of the common people.
In the past, the anxious scene of waiting for the bus was staged at the bus stop almost every day.
The running time of buses is difficult to predict, the condition of buses and the location of vehicles along the route are difficult to know, and the problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved urgently. Especially in some big cities, the commute is long and the traffic situation is complex during the rush hour, making it difficult to guarantee the bus punctuality rate.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Traffic joined hands with Gaode Map to explore in depth the new direction of "Internet + Traffic" convenient service, and launched the first batch of "Internet + Smart Station" intelligent service projects in the country.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + smart stop signs" in the country landed in Nanjing, integrating Gaode big data and Gaode's vehicle expected driving time ETA algorithm, and relying on the upgrading of bus electronic stop signs and mobile Internet, traffic big data to realize the ability of "bus smart stop signs + e-maps" to publish bus routes and bus expected arrival time.
Through the "Internet + smart stop sign", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the expected arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and a few stops from the current station, but also directly grasp the bus situation along the way through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus lines passing through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the "Internet + smart stop sign" technology, Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "checking the location of the bus before going out, mastering the station time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the arrival time when taking the bus".
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + smart stop" choose the most suitable travel route. At the same time, it can also make good psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting cars, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace were displayed for the first time - Xinhua
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were displayed this time, of which more than 30 cultural relics were displayed to the public for the first time in the Summer Palace, showing the rich collection of court cultural relics in the Summer Palace and its traditional longevity cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Jijin, Fu Shushou ultimatum, strange work and color enhancement. It displays to the audience many categories of cultural relics such as jade bronze, ancient calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous, porcelain enamel and so on. The shapes and patterns of the exhibits all reflect the theme of "Fushou".
Yi Lijia, deputy director of the cultural relics department of the Summer Palace Management Office, introduced that this cultural relics exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, many categories of cultural relics and a large span of time.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics in the exhibition are national-level cultural relics and second-class cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
Zheng Gui of the Shang Dynasty, which is more than 3,000 years old, is one of the "oldest" bronze cultural relics on display. The green jade lying cow is huge and weighs nearly 80 jin. It is carved from a whole piece of green jade. The preserved wooden clock of the mountain and stone figure Pavilion, the "Nanzhai Collection" and the "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" are also the first fine cultural relics on display to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of making cultural relics "live" relies on the garden-building idea of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and takes the cultural relics with the theme of "Fushou" as the carrier, so that tourists can understand the deep Fushou culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, carry forward and inherit Chinese traditional culture, and convey good wishes for the blessing and celebration of life.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Time Review: Unswervingly follow our own path
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" released on the 27th, answered: Over the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The root cause is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow a development path suitable for itself.
Since modern times, in an environment of poverty, weakness and internal and external problems, generations of benevolent people have sought and followed in order to explore the way to save the country and the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been thought about and tried, and the results are not feasible."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and the new China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road taken by China is not only the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, the road to the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, but also the road to the common development of China and other countries in the world.
It is because it is on the right path that China can do its own things well, become the world's second largest economy and contribute the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times, and will show more and more bright development prospects as the times move forward.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find the right path. Looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
Chinese people understand the truth of southern orange northern brier and understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves, and only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this kind of road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "final conclusion of history" was once famous.
Today, the success of the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics announced the end of the "final conclusion of history" the collapse of the "theory of China's collapse" and the failure of the "theory of socialist failure".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strength, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and provided experience and reference for those countries and nationalities in the world that not only want to accelerate development but also want to maintain their independence to follow a path in line with their own national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suitable for their own national conditions.
China will not "import" the foreign model or "export" the Chinese model, but will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen governance exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the joint realization of good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that the boss of a Foodworks supermarket, who fired a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to hire employees from an Asian background, was sharply criticized as "shameful".
The committee said Jianbin Wang, the boss of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has worked in the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated employees "unfairly" and may have violated anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, vice chairman of the committee, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements published by Mr. Wang in various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past".
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
The third post said that he was "more inclined to overseas people (sic)".
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text message in April, later saying it was due to her absence and an alleged lack of cash at the cash register ranging from $5.10 to $30.
But Mr. Sams said Mr. Wang's reasons for firing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
She has been absent from work for only one shift in three years, and the "missing amount" totalled several Australian dollars.
He said Ms. Ayton's dismissal "actually had nothing to do with her behavior or performance".
He said: "In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement issued by Mr. Wang, the real motive for the respondent to fire her was that he preferred to hire employees with an Asian background.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's actions ostensibly constitute a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr. Sams said that given Mr. Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider restoring her position.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, a temporary worker with an hourly salary of A $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said he would submit his ruling and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: "I think the respondent adopted an irredeemably unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he thought would" justify "the termination of the applicant's employment."
"He was wrong... the respondent completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her when dismissing the applicant. It was shocking that he was rude and extremely unfair."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks is a small business, "it must be frank that no decent employer will fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner admitted in this case."
"This is shameful and extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway faces the National Day Golden Week passenger flow increasing 175 passenger trains - China News ECNS
China News ECNS Guangzhou September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) The reporter learned from the Guangzhou Railway Group on the 27th that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou Railway Group will continue to open more popular trains. The total number of passenger trains per day during the holidays will reach 175, comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak period of passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized the three-storey security check channel, adding 12 new security check channels. After the new renovation, there are a total of 44 security check channels in the three-storey waiting room. In addition, in order to smooth the flow of passengers, Guangzhou South Station has added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, for a total of 71.
In order to alleviate the stagnation and congestion of vehicles on the North-South Road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new car parks and add 1,000 new parking spaces to alleviate the pressure of poor traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, when the passenger flow reaches the peak period, the exit of Shenzhen North Station A2 will be connected with the subway, and an inspection-free channel will be set up to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during the peak period.
In addition, the East-West Square will normally set up a U-color love fast channel to serve passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving and special key passengers.
The Guangdong-Kowloon Passenger Transport Section will carry out full-staff business training on the eve of the National Day Golden Week to ensure that all staff responsible for crew work learn to master business knowledge, improve the quality of service, ensure that train flight attendants take on every trip with a good spirit and more professional standard of business quality, and provide better service to passengers.
Six people denied that the case involving the sale of fake Marka newspaper raw paper was referred to the high court
Six men suspected of forging and selling our passports, newspaper papers and identity cards, including an assistant director of the Country Name Registration Bureau and a supervisor-level businessman, went to court on Thursday. The court judge approved the charges of anti-trafficking in human beings and anti-trafficking in migrants and transferred them to the high court.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato 'Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua (translation), who was also a member of Congress of Sunset Dong District, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, to cease to be the lawyer representing the defendant, and was approved in court.
He said that because he represented the defendant, he attracted criticism from political opponents, and the Action Party to which he belonged was also implicated.
He stressed that he did not fear any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to discredit the Action Party and the Greek League government or other Greek League leaders, so he made the decision after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Parliament, and that the law did not prohibit him from representing any of the defendants. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. They faced a number of charges under Article 26E of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons and Anti-Trafficking in Migrants Act, as well as Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents). They all denied guilt and were not granted bail by the court.
On Thursday, two court judges Noshaha and Mazlan, after the statements of the prosecution and the defence, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration charges of the six defendants to the high court. As for the charges of forgery of documents, they will appear in the court on October 3 to wait for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defence.
The earlier six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Ordinance 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the Motherland --A sketch by a team of the Armed Police Force
Jinqiu, on the training ground of the military parade, a team of the armed police force composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters is busy with training.
Shining guns, unique olive green and bright red shoulder badges together form a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this square team and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to always be the loyal guards of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first".
"Dreams shine on brilliant life and write immortal legends in the new era..". This is a team song created by the officers and soldiers of the square team - "Walking with the Motherland".
In the square team, this song is the motto of every player.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police National Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
As the flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang has always had a high standard of training.
He tied a sandbag to practice shape, clamped a stopwatch to practice pace, blindfolded to practice pace, and practiced stability against the wind.
In his "flag-raising career" there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
At a flag-raising ceremony, it rained heavily, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a benchmark soldier.
The standard of action of the benchmark soldier is different from that of the flag bearer.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although the progress frequency of the flag bearer and the benchmark soldier is only more than 20 steps, more efforts should be made in training.
The benchmark soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the tidiness of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked repeatedly every day and practiced a hard kick.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and pace won bursts of applause from the officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of fighter Zhu Xudongfang took part in the military parade on the 50th anniversary of the National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the square team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but never discouraged.
He said, "It is the glory of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the inspection of the Party and the people. I am willing to suffer anything."
Walking into the honor room of the square team, the eight big words "the elite division of stability in the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the square team, introduced that the members of the square team are all from the Beijing Armed Police Corps - this is a force with a glorious tradition. It has successively undertaken major tasks such as the founding ceremony, successive National Day celebrations, the security of successive Party congresses and the anti-terrorism and stability of the capital. It has trained a large number of British model collectives and individuals, such as the "National Flag Guardian" and the "National Defense Hero Squadron". More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
First of all, on behalf of the Chinese Government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng expressed sincere thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially in the more than 40 years of reform and opening-up, the CPC has united and led the people of all ethnic groups to overcome difficulties and work hard, successfully embarked on a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, has implemented the five-sphere integrated plan and the four-pronged comprehensive strategy, promoted the historic achievements and changes in the undertakings of the Party and the country, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China in 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups. They also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and have made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the training of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, scientific and technological leaders, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to the world to learn, and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
China will adopt a more open and inclusive attitude, learn from the people of all countries in the world with an open mind, and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to innovate and start businesses in China, welcome talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of human destiny and to the cause of world peace and development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was hosted by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
The reception was attended by old foreign experts working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, responsible comrades from relevant departments of the central and state organs and Beijing, totalling about 1,800 people.
The deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
Xinhua News Agency Kunming, September 27 (reporter Ding Yiquan) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co. Ltd., the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain tunnel, the first long tunnel of China's railway, was successfully dug to the end on the 27th, with a depth of 762.59 meters breaking the deepest record of the domestic railway shaft.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft area of the Darui Project Department of the Railway Tunnel Bureau, said: "After the successful excavation of the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain tunnel, it will help to promote the construction of the vehicle yard at the bottom of the construction well, open a number of working faces for the later construction of the main hole and flat guide, and speed up the construction progress of the whole Gaoligong Mountain tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligong Mountain tunnel adopts well drilling method, equipped with large-scale specialized machinery such as well drilling derrick, well drilling stabilizer, shaft sinking winch, integral moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drill, center swivel grab loader, etc., forming a "four-system" mechanized flow line such as mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc., realizing the full process mechanization of eye drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, greatly accelerating the construction progress.
It is understood that the Darui Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the Yunnan–Burma Railway corridor.
Gaoligong Mountain tunnel is 34.538 kilometers long and is the first long tunnel of China's railway.
The field scene of the TV drama "Hunting" reproduces the demeanor of the first-line economic economic crime investigation police
The transnational pursuit and escape economic crime investigation theme drama "Hunting" was shot on the spot at Tianjin Airport recently. Wang Kai, Wang Gu and other actors filmed important plays such as escorting fugitive economic crime suspects back home. The filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
This time, the "Hunting" crew filmed the key play code at the airport that best showed the law enforcement results of "Hunting" - members of the Hunting Action Team chased the fugitives home, escorted the plane, signed an arrest warrant, etc.
The crew took many sets of scenes such as the apron, customs border control, aircraft cabin and cabin doors, and reproduced the arduous process and professional demeanor of China's first-line economic economic crime investigation police and fox-hunting heroes flying many countries to apprehend the fugitives.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the original team of "Hunting" carried out a lot of preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed every implementation detail to ensure the most real and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed abroad.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
"When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I think it is very meaningful" Oliver Wyman said in an interview.
On the whole, I think the future of Vietnam is very bright under the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and has done very well.
It is important that Vietnam know how to take advantage of the opportunities brought about by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote greater economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is prepared for the breakthrough brought about by the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China's founding here. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements in the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of its change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty - this is the greatest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates have decreased, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted people has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has been reduced by half.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world.
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year also marks the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 sustainable development agenda.
As the second largest donor to the United Nations regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" soldiers on mission in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the Chinese people's struggle, brilliant achievements and contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity. China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also told the story of the Chinese people building ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of the development of the "one belt, one road" initiative, and the story of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, clear waters and green mountains are gold and silver mountains.
After continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in solving hot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
Faced with the great changes that the world has not seen in a hundred years, China actively maintains the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is young, prosperous and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will adhere to our original intentions.
Wang Yi meets with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, bilateral relations have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and to promote the further development of practical cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming National Day Golden Week!
Big data from a number of tourism platforms show that China's tourism consumer market is booming.
The Ctrip National Day tourism report predicts that, with reference to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday this year will be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities book group tours, free travel, customized tourism, local play and other products through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Academy, the country received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, an increase of 9.43% year on year.
This year's National Day holiday will not only hit a new high in the number of tourists, but the upgrading of consumption will also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourists during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This is due to the fact that tourists generally chose products with better experience, such as high-rating brand hotels, non-shopping tour groups, delicate small groups, special car guides, etc.
The booking data of the Lvmama Travel Network show a similar trend. The "private group" that uses comfortable models and less than 10 people in the domestic long line is more popular than in previous years.
Spring Airlines tourism data show that its consumers prefer to "walk slowly" with emphasis on experience, service and differentiation.
Flying pig data show that the number of tourist reservations in cities on the fourth line and below in China is growing fastest, reaching 30% year on year, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more parts of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's National Day Golden Week tourism.
Ctrip data show that orders for car rental self-drive travel during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year on year. Short-distance self-drive travel to explore the surrounding small number of routes continues to be popular; the number of applicants for private groups increased by up to 155% year on year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's tourism and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of the tourists during the National Day holiday are parents and children, 25% are couples traveling and 23% are colleagues and friends traveling together.
In addition, from the age of tourists, "post-80" and "post-90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the more rapid growth of outbound travel in the previous Golden Week, the performance of the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching".
Flying pig data show that the number of people booking domestic routes during this year's National Day holiday increased by 42% year on year, exceeding the growth rate of outbound travel.
Industry analysis shows that while the demand is strong, all parts of the country promote tourism supply-side reform to provide tourists with a richer "feast".
For example, the State General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly issued the "2019 National Day Golden Week Sports Tourism Fine Line"; the 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival is being held to launch seven plates of 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract the participation of Chinese and foreign tourists; near the Golden Week, many provinces such as Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong have introduced ticket price reduction or free measures for scenic spots.
Ctrip booking data show that domestic destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot". Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live film, "This Moment - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of New China" will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
The China Media Group will broadcast the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the military parade and the mass parade on the big screen through the 4K ultra-clear signal.
The person in charge of the China Media Group introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the day of the National Day, the General Station will build more than 100 seats and set up more than 200 ten-tone equipment along Chang'an Street and at the high point of the celebration area. Using lens language and simultaneous sound, the full process, all elements 4K ultra-high clear and 5.1 circular sound live broadcasting will be realized for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African African swine fever, China faced a severe shortage of pork and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal proteins. The epidemic has caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of pigs in China has been reduced by half and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Pan Chenjun, a senior animal protein analyst at the Cooperative Bank of the Netherlands in China, said that the demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China overtook the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely connected its future with that of the rest of the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development through its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China unswervingly follows its own path, manages its own affairs well by pooling resources, makes the country more prosperous and the people happier, and injects stability and certainty into the complex and volatile world, which in itself is the biggest contribution to world peace and development.
In the new era China will continue to unswervingly follow its socialist path with Chinese characteristics, guided by Xi Jinping's thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics.
China always places economic development at the center of its national rejuvenation, unswervingly follow the path of high-quality development, implement the new development concept of innovative, coordinated, green, open and inclusive development, accelerate the modernization of economy to better meet people's growing needs for a better life.
Allowing the common people to live a better life has always been the primary goal of the development of China.
The Chinese army has always been a resolute defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to mutually beneficial cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only hope to live a good life for themselves, but also for the people the rest of the world."
China adheres to development innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the high-quality development of the "one belt, one road" and promotes the cause of global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a firm supporter of economic globalization.
China is willing to join the international community in taking the initiative and strengthening guidance to make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, more inclusive and more sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening-up strategy, create a more comprehensive, deeper and diverse opening-up structure, achieve broader mutually beneficial progress, and take practical actions to uphold and promote economic globalization.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening up will widen, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the Renminbi.
The white paper points out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international equity and justice.
China will continue to firmly uphold the international system with the UN at its core and the international order underpinned by the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and work with other countries in supporting multilateralism and opposing unilateralism.
Upholding equity and justice is China's basic principle in dealing with international issues.
China respects the right of the peoples of all countries to choose their own development paths and social systems, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on other countries, nor will it allow anyone to impose theirs on the Chinese people.
The white paper said that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a major and responsible country, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It not only sees China's requirements of development of the world, but also the international community's expectations, and take an active part in reforming and developing the global governance system.
China actively supports to reforming the UN, helps it better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in its underlying guidelines, organization and operations, better fulfil the responsibilities prescribed in the UN Charter, and play a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative ideas of global governance, summarizes the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive way of dealing with the world in Chinese culture, the concept of governance and the common points of the present era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese plan and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the open meeting of the UN Security Council on "Peace and Security in Africa" at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China is never absent.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting the Gulf of Aden and the waters off Somalia for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its capacity for peace and security.
The "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund", announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development in Africa. To date, 34 Africa-related projects have been carried out, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to the peaceful development of Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108 and cut his hair for 96 years
New York, United States, has Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Kim's world record. At the age of 108, he never retired and diligently cut his hair for his guests every day. However, Mancinelli died on the 19th due to complications of jaw cancer and said goodbye to his 96-year hair-cutting life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli emigrated to the United States at the age of 8, soon helped clean the floor in a barbershop, and began to pick up scissors to serve guests at the age of 12, thus alleviating the financial pressure on the family.
Although Mancinelli attended primary school at the time, he did not graduate later.
Mancinelli's son Robert revealed that his father loved work and people from all over the world liked him, but although his father had always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work due to physical factors six weeks before his death, but it was not retirement because he planned to come back and cut his hair when he got better.
Robert, 82, said he now had to find a new hairdresser after his father died because he had asked his father to cut his hair all his life.
During the year, the repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan to a record high - Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have begun to buy back shares frequently in the past two years. Through targeted buybacks and collective bidding transactions, they hope to convey the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, thus stabilizing the share price and enhancing investor confidence.
According to Oriental Wealth Choice data, the funds used by listed companies to buy back shares amounted to 7.9 billion yuan in 2017, soaring to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, reaching a new high in the amount of A-share repurchase funds, and far exceeding previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares seems to be the same as the increase of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the main body of implementation, the source of funding, the purpose of repurchase, the rights and interests of the shares themselves, etc.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd. said in an interview with a reporter from the Securities Daily that the "Opinions on Supporting Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares" issued in November 2018, repaired the problems existing in the current system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complex decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As a result of the previous policy to encourage listed companies to repurchase shares, the phenomenon of share repurchase increased significantly that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Rules for the Implementation of the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies". The introduction of these policies has broadened the sources of repurchase funding for listed companies, properly simplified implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee shareholding plans.
After the opinion was issued, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is easier, and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is greater.
The repurchase of shares in a relatively low position will also help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thus increasing the level of earnings per share, raising the rate of return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's profit indicators.
Compared with the increase of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervalued share price is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies. The company's share price can no longer reflect the company's future development prospects. Therefore, such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot invest blindly. They need to pay attention to the financial results and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least show the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The gradual warming of the repurchase enthusiasm of A-share listed companies has also normalized the repurchase behavior. The data show that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and the leading companies in various industries have become the main force of the repurchase market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of repurchase, saying that the company has repurchased a total of 57.59 million A-share shares through centralized bidding trading, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total share capital. The total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). All repurchased shares will be used for employee shareholding plans, including, but not limited to, the long-term service plans that have been considered and adopted by the company's general meeting.
Yili shares have paid 5,792 million yuan for share repurchase, and the use of repurchased shares has recently been adjusted from the original plan that "all repurchased shares will be used as a stock source for the implementation of equity incentives at a later stage" to "a cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as a stock source for the implementation of equity incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be cancelled to reduce registered capital".
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the shares that have been repurchased will help to further raise the level of earnings per share and effectively improve the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
The repurchase progress announcement issued by TCL Group on September 25 showed that TCL Group had repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares, at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The board office of TCL Group told the Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee shareholding plans, equity incentives or to convert convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adheres to the established management strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the future development of the company and the maintenance of the interests of investors, combined with the performance of the secondary market of the company's shares in the past year, and taking into account the company's operating situation and financial situation and other factors, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Fisrt Seafront Fund, said that the operation of listed companies to buy back shares can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares in circulation in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important positive for the share price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to take out real gold and silver and buy back shares from the stock market, which greatly boosted market confidence.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially high-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investor confidence through share repurchase. It is also a practice worth affirming and encouraging.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and Party Secretary of Changsha, and the four heads of the Hunan Army - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Zhenggen, He Tsinghua and Liu Feixiang - set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - to build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster three or five years later.
To build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha is, in current fashionable words, to create "the strongest surface".
As an inland provincial capital city, Changsha shouted this rhetoric. Where did it come from?
It is based on the strength of hegemony.
The four Hunan enterprises that participated in the dialogue this time have their own skills, covering the whole fields of sky, underground, sea and land: the intelligent light aircraft of Shanhe, the concrete conveyor pump of Zhonglian Heavy Industry, the all-ground crane of Sany Heavy Industry, and the tunnel boring machine of Tiejian Heavy Industry. Their "hard power" can be said to be the best in the world.
Once upon a time, China basically had no say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
Time has changed, Chinese enterprises "bring in" "go out" two-wheel drive, take the east wind of the "one belt, one road" initiative, acquire, merge, set up factories and other measures at the same time, and become a leader in the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industry, Zhonglian Heavy Industry, Tiejian Heavy Industry, Shanhe Intelligence and other leading engineering machinery enterprises, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, have been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
It is based on the control of the situation.
Xiangjun "Four Kingdoms" of construction machinery is the leader of Changsha construction machinery industry cluster and the head enterprise of the global construction machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, who can live and live well is the hard place to speak.
In the early years, the global engineering machinery industry encountered a cold winter, and many well-known international engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises fell down. However, the engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises in Changsha regarded the "cat winter" as a "winter swimming", added pressure and broke through themselves. Through the transformation of the industrial structure, the transformation from manufacturing to intellectual manufacturing not only survived the past, but also strengthened their bones.
It is based on the joint efforts of government and enterprises.
The development of advantageous industries requires not only the active progress of enterprises, but also the active action of the government.
The reason why Changsha has a reputation as the "capital of engineering machinery" lies in bringing together the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creating many related industrial clusters, and greatly reducing the cost of research and development, manufacturing and sales of enterprises by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology has led to the influx of engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises.
History has pushed Changsha to the front desk of building a leading level of global engineering machinery. Time is running out and benevolent.
Whether the government, enterprises, or even the production, study and research merchants associated with it, should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the goal, continue to make efforts, and contribute Hunan to the construction of a manufacturing power.
Wang Yi presided over the foreign ministers' meeting of China and African members of the UN Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
Whether in the past, present or future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
We advocate the holding of this foreign ministers' meeting is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the UN Security Council, and to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the UN Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
Facing the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the UN Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement through self-reliance and govern the root through development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene this meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and Africa and China have always been the most trustworthy and trustworthy partners.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the UN Security Council, has played an important and active role in African affairs, vigorously promoted a just and reasonable solution to African problems, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the UN Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, uphold the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and oppose unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the UN Security Council and safeguard the common interests of China and Africa and the vast majority of developing countries; we all support African countries in solving African problems in an African way and request the United Nations to provide financial support for independent peace operations in Africa; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Huyang sheep carry the "Poverty Alleviation Sutra".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
In the Yimin breeding professional cooperative in Yima Town, 58-year-old villager Shaveli filled the trough in the sheepfold with the last shovel of grass, stood by the trough and watched the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. When it's full of fat in autumn and winter, it can only be sold at a good price."
Shaveli said that he fed "special nutritious meals" to the sheep every day, regularly cleaned and sterilized, and waited carefully and did not dare to snub.
Shaveli raised sheep for more than 20 years. It was not until he came to work in the cooperative that he knew how extensive sheep were in the past.
Xia Willy is from Xia Shuanchi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are sheep farmers, but they adhere to the traditional loose breeding method. The quality of sheep is poor and the number of sheep is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shaveli buried himself in research and farming all day long, because he always had a lot of energy in his heart.
The people who take shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can pay dividends and sell them at a price at the end of the year, they all count on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few breeding "good practices" in the village.
Yimin breeding professional cooperative is a standardized cooperative with a total of 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed has a good way inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and easy to breed bacteria. Huyang sheep cannot stay in sultry and damp places. The sheep shed must be built in a place surrounded by ditches on three sides, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent epidemic, it is also necessary to spray the sheep shed regularly and give the sheep three to four anti-epidemic needles in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, "Little Fat Sheep" also has to eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat straw, alfalfa, etc., and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch its muscles and bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship and substitution to guide local farmers to put good-bred lake sheep here, uniformly raise, manage and sell them, and realize good-bred, scientific, standardized and intensive farming.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares have a dividend of more than 6,000 yuan per household each year, and four poverty alleviation targets work in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "accurate feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at the body shape and touching the belly" to "doing B-ultrasonography one by one..". In Qingyang, Gansu Province, mutton sheep farming is not only a change in the way of feeding. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market", overcoming the weak dispersion of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers have become better because of modern sheep farming.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co. Ltd. will buy at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co. Ltd. said that by providing poor households with loan guarantees, sheep supply, order farming, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales and other services, enterprises have led more and more poor households to read the "Sheep Sutra".
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families achieved a stable increase in income by "joining" Zhongsheng agriculture and animal husbandry forage farming, good seed breeding, large-scale farming, slaughter segmentation and market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agro-pastoral intersection zone and is rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale sheep farms and cooperatives in the city, with more than 5 million sheep raised, and two processing production lines with a slaughtering scale of 1.3 million sheep have been built. Sheep are becoming the "leader" in poverty alleviation in the industry.
The French finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit
Paris (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros (US $10.9 billion) next year, while Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive the depressed economy.
In introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said that the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing has created an opportunity for member governments that can afford to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and push up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not restore prosperity in Europe. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough," Le Mer told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest now, the sooner the better. Don't wait for the situation to get worse before acting," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, giving a big boost to France's economic growth.
And the global economy has lost momentum, with the German economy, which depends on exports, bearing the brunt.
Le Mer pointed out that the tax burden of French families will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of martyrs' mausoleums.
In order to deeply implement the important directive spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping and make efforts to promote the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities".
The Work Plan is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It clarifies the target tasks of the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It proposes to plan and build martyrs' memorial facilities and improve the red education base system for the promotion of the spirit of martyrs; repair and protect martyrs' memorial facilities and create a strong social atmosphere that respects the memory of martyrs; manage and maintain martyrs' memorial facilities and form a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The Work Plan makes it clear that we should strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities and, in accordance with the principle of overall arrangement and a long-term perspective, earnestly strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, focus on improving the leadership system mechanism and improving the policy and regulatory system; organize and implement upgrading projects, improve facilities and equipment, strengthen service capabilities; optimize the content of exhibitions, innovate the way of exhibition and improve the overall effectiveness.
The Work Plan emphasizes the need to improve the system system and organizational security, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, actively cooperate with relevant units and widely participate in the society; focus on the implementation of the law on the protection of heroes and martyrs, improve the legal system, continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction, management and maintenance of martyrs' memorial facilities; strengthen team-building, introduce volunteer services, encourage veterans, martyrs' families, experts and young students to actively participate in the interpretation of martyrs' memorial facilities and the maintenance of order; improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to the government-led and diversified input, and actively advocate and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities.
Research: The US National Healthy Eating Index has increased slightly but still has challenges - China News ECNS
China News ECNS On September 27 (September 27), according to the American Overseas News Network, a recent study in the United States showed that in the past 16 years, the healthy eating index of the United States Government has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But when the full score is 100, it is not worth celebrating.
American citizens still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, which are the most common diseases in the United States.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study is based on the conclusions of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the US government from 1999 to 2016.
"Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain," the authors write.
It is reported that these challenges include reducing the intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that people's intake of these unhealthy fats in their daily diet increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended intake limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the American national diet is the reduction in sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As for the reason for the decrease in sugar intake, the researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people's consumption of sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugars are often added to even less sweet foods, such as yoghurt and ketchup.
American adults have a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole-grain foods.
However, 2016 data show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt decreased slightly, and the reduction in the consumption of fruit juices led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still accounted for 42% of daily calories, many of which came from refined white noodle bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on biennial personal health surveys that allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The dietary guidelines for American residents issued by the government recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating model" to reduce the likelihood of chronic diseases.
The guide points out that people should eat more nutrient-intensive foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, light dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the study period, the number of people with diabetes in the United States almost doubled, to more than 7%, and the obesity rate increased in the many years between the study - today about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease is still the leading cause of death in the United States.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Ping, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee and Minister of the Central Economy, led the delegation to attend the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and its partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of the forum was "The interface between the EU and Asia: building bridges for the future of sustainable development".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy between the two continents of the European Union.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening the docking is part of the above idea because it brings benefits to the people and economies of the countries concerned.
The above-mentioned relations help to bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believes that the EU wants to convey a message about enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary meeting.
The country's first financial management subsidiary to set up a technology-enabled asset management business
On the 26th, Guangda Financial Management Co., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbright Bank, was formally established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology. The establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks is conducive to the use of scientific and technological means to enhance their asset management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively announced that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to prepare financial management subsidiaries.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Financial Management had been officially approved to open.
Just 2 days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and was the first to set up Everbright financial management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, the Internet of Things and cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and improve the sense of acquisition, happiness and security of customers.
By 2021, we will establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial science and technology development, further enhance the scientific and technological application capacity of the financial industry, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Management, introduced that Everbright Financial Management platform will use intelligent investment, intelligent research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation facing the RMS industry, financial technology companies and RMS institutions will jointly explore a new growth path with RMS technology.
Financial technology empowers the asset management industry, which is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of asset management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digits Technology launched a new RMS technology system to enhance RMS product research and development and wind control capabilities with the help of technology and digital means.
The new system starts with the four capabilities of product design, sales trading, asset management and risk assessment to improve the overall intelligent operation level of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that RMS technology can not only enhance customer service ability, innovate and enrich products, but also enhance risk prevention ability and improve the efficiency of RMS management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to locate customers' risks through questionnaires, but now using artificial intelligence to carry out user portraits will help to better locate customers, launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, and help to defuse risks.
"E-commerce, spatiotemporal data and other alternative big data can help us better describe the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while defusing risks, big data technology will also help to improve wind control capabilities.
China Railway Tunnel Shaft Record Refreshed
China News Service Baoshan September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu Weiguo Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1200 days of day and night construction, the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligong Mountain tunnel on the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on the 27th, reaching a depth of 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the deepest record of China's railway tunnel shaft, which was created under the condition of a large amount of water inrush.
The 34.5-kilometer-long Darui Railway Gaoligong Mountain tunnel is located in Yunnan. The tunnel runs through the Gaoligong Mountain Range from the west bank of the Nu River. It is the longest double-line single-hole tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel runs through 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1,155 meters, because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that may be encountered in tunnel construction. The Gaoligongshan tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligong Mountain tunnel. It undertakes the important task of increasing the working surface to realize "long tunnel short hit" and later railway operation ventilation.
The No. 1 shaft was successfully excavated to the bottom of the well, marking the official entry of the Gaoligongshan tunnel into the horizontal tunnel construction. After the bottom yard is excavated and the equipment is replaced, four working surfaces can be added underground to speed up the excavation speed of the main tunnel.
"The shaft is all in the granite strata. Because there are many cracks in the granite strata, the water cannot be stopped. It flows from top to bottom. Basically, the water pressure is as large as the depth of the well."
Shi Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Darui Railway Project Department of the Railway Tunnel Bureau, told the reporter that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud inrush and collapse. The construction party invited experts to take the pulse on the spot and discussed the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water inrush in the shaft is maximum, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour, the bottom of the well is more than 700 meters deep, and the water pressure is equivalent to the seabed 700 meters deep."
Si Jingzhao said, "If we do not pump and drain in time, the well will be flooded by 10 meters in an hour. We spend almost 85% of our time on water control and 15% of our time on digging."
In order to overcome geological problems such as longitudinal joint development of surrounding rock of No. 1 shaft, mud inrush and rich-water artered rock, the tunnel construction adopts systematic water control measures combining "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed mechanized assembly lines such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system, realized the full process of mechanization operations such as eye drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, and accelerated the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1200 days and nights of construction, the shaft was successfully excavated at a depth of 762.59 meters.
The Darui Railway, with a total length of 330 kilometers, is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "one belt, one road" construction.
After it is completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from 6 hours to 2 hours on the current road, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and promote economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges between China and South-East Asian countries.
Carrie Lam: As a Chinese, I am proud of the country's achievements
The Hong Kong press welcomes the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
The "Hong Kong Press Reception to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, pointed out that the country's achievements over the past 70 years are visible to all, and we are all proud as Chinese.
Carrie Lam, Lu Xinning, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Yading, Deputy Political Member of the People's Liberation Army in Hong Kong, and Jiang Jae-zhong, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Preparatory Committee for the Celebration of the National Day, attended the reception and served as the officiating guests.
In her speech, Carrie Lam pointed out that China has made great efforts in the past 70 years. Although it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome them one by one. The achievements are visible to all, and we are all proud as Chinese.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked to the Mainland, working together to make progress and share fruitful results.
We believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems" Hong Kong can continue to develop its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of "one belt, one road" and Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that there have been constant social disputes in Hong Kong in the past few months, every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical juncture, we hope that press friends will continue to rise to the difficulties, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the society, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and for the society to return to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang Jae-zhong pointed out that the glorious course of New China is also the process of development, common progress, blood ties, honor and shame between Hong Kong and the motherland.
Especially since the return of Hong Kong to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems" "Hong Kong people administering Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the Mainland have worked together in harmony, watched and helped each other, and jointly created the miracle of mutual benefit, win-win progress and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there have been a series of violent activities in Hong Kong that flagrantly violate the law and arbitrarily undermine social stability. Some media have published distorted and false reports, contributing to the violence.
He called on the media to promote Qing Dynasty and create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media should strictly abide by the professional norms of journalism, use truthful reporting and responsible speech to guide citizens to consciously separate themselves from violence, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to send blessings for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Committee that Xining City will implement the "Xining City Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations" from October 1, focusing on 15 uncivilized acts such as pedestrians not following the instructions of traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings, making a list of key management, and setting up corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy minister of the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, introduced that since Xining City won the title of national civilized city in 2017, the civilized literacy and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, pedestrians cross the road, run red lights, non-motor vehicles do not follow the traffic lights; high-altitude parabolic objects, car window parabolic objects; uncivilized behaviors such as smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing free defecation are still very prominent and easy to rebound, and need to be solved as soon as possible.
Combining with the reality of Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and high standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units from many aspects, such as public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental health, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building civilized campuses, promoting civilized family construction, performing official duties, commemorating heroes and martyrs, medical services, etc., so that the whole society can understand "what can be done" "what to advocate" and "what to prohibit".
"The formulation and promulgation of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of cognition of civilized behavior, and to comprehensively regulate citizens' manners, housekeeping, meals, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, marriage and funeral, will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of the establishment of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City."
Xining City Standing Committee Secretary-General Qiu Huaijun said.
Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight - China News ECNS
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice saying that between September 27 and October 7, the extended operation date of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the delayed operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the early hours of the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes.
The operation time of Line 1 is extended by 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The departure time of the last bus along the line is after 00: 30 the next day. The operation of the inner ring of Line 2 is extended by 81 minutes and the outer ring by 95 minutes. The departure time of the last bus at each station along the line is after 0: 20 the next day, and the last bus at Qianmen station is opened at 00: 50 the next day.
The departure time of the last bus at Beijing West Station on Metro Line 7 (in the direction of Coking Factory Station) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day, and the departure time of the last bus at Coking Factory Station (in the direction of Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
British tourists' car keys fell into the lake and the whole family was trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took their two children to France for a holiday. As a result, they accidentally dropped their car keys into the lake. The whole family was forced to wait five days to get the new keys made by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It is reported that on September 16, local time, when the British family was visiting a lake in France, her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them hours to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash were locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reorder the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the key, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled because of the loss of the car key.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalizes tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Tourists must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Tourists can apply for a landing visa at the airport after the plane lands, or apply for an electronic signature through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is for multiple entries a year, and tourists can be allowed to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because it never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which aims to reduce the long-term dependence of the country's economy on oil. The opening up of tourism and the development of tourism are important components.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko paid a working visit to Vietnam's Hing'an Province.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Party Secretary of Xing'an Province, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and production of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant is an important development step in the cooperation between the enterprises of the two countries, which helps to promote the cooperative relationship between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, Party Secretary of Xing'an Province, said that Xing'an Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province. It is hoped that in the future Belarus will take more effective measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an Province and Vietnam, and to assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko expressed his gratitude to Xing'an Province for recently providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and operation activities.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko and his team attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as low-risk food production licensing, and delegate the handling power of foreign enterprise representative offices to the free trade zone
On the 27th, the Shanghai Administration for Market Regulation and the Pudong New Area Government signed a working memorandum, launching 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which are the first pilot in the country.
According to introduction, the notification commitment means that the administrative organ, when handling the relevant licensing registration matters, informs the applicant in writing of the conditions and requirements stipulated in the laws and regulations at one time.
After the applicant signs the undertaking, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market regulatory department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone in the registration of enterprise names, the processing of food production licenses for simple and low-risk varieties, and the approval of some measuring instrument types in three areas, so as to make it easier for enterprises to enter.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the commitment on the 27th, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and also adopted the method of "tolerance and acceptance," that is, allowing enterprises to submit some materials within the time limit stipulated in the notification commitment, "really feel the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market regulatory department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production licensing was the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval link was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination, approval and certification" to three links of "registration, acceptance, approval and certification". The completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to on the spot.
Considering the high outward-looking characteristics of Pudong's economy, the Shanghai market regulatory department has delegated the registration of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone to facilitate enterprises to handle them nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization involved a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Area, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new rules.
"11th" Long Holiday Consumption Survey: Choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
As the National Day holiday approaches, people's holiday plans are gradually finalized.
The Securities Daily reporter recently launched a small survey on the National Day holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 feedback received showed that although everyone's plans were different, "tourism + consumption" became the key word for the National Day holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback received by the reporter of the Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said that "she planned to take her family to Shanghai during the National Day holiday period. Disney was the first stop and then went to the surrounding cities for a turn". Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan. "A family of three set out on September 28 and planned a 10-day trip around the island". Miss Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound trip to Singapore. Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose a self-driving tour. He said that "her daughter was less than two years old and it was not convenient to go far. She planned to drive to Shandong and play by the sea for a few days".
The recent "Report on Residents' Travel and Travel Trends in the 2019 National Day Golden Week" jointly released by Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Tourism, shows that the consumption upgrading trend of travel and travel in the three subdivisions of travel, residence and travel is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the Meituan showed that tourism consumption continued to be strong and showed a diversified and upgraded trend of "eating, living and playing".
More young people travel in favor of high-quality and distinctive experiences, and the heat of cultural tourism and night tourism continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumer demand were also released during the National Day holiday.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily reporter that "the main plan for this year's National Day holiday is to buy a car."
A staff member of a Beijing car brand 4S store told the Securities Daily that, generally speaking, September and October of each year are called the golden period of car sales.
During the National Day holiday, the store will launch a number of activities, such as raffle, shop reduction, etc.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models, and it is expected that the new products will boost sales.
Under the trend of rising consumption, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of cultural, educational and other services is increasing.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of the child, cultural and educational consumption has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year's National Day holiday is full, going to the "punch-in" planetarium and children's theatre, making an appointment for several families to set up tents at the Elk Museum over the weekend, and arranging some trial experience classes. "
Some industry insiders said that, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from subsistence consumption to development consumption and enjoyment consumption, in which a considerable part of the content of enjoyment consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual consumption demand. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, to catch up with the National Day holiday, there is more time, and people are more willing to travel and consume, which can not only meet the spiritual consumption needs, but also reflect the upgrading of residents' consumption.
In the afternoon, he began to be lonely and unwilling to go out, and had not yet adjusted the state in which the children were not around.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana: Mom will take you out.
After carefully writing several things to do when going out, the personality characteristics of type A blood are getting stronger and stronger, and I feel very awkward.
Take suits, buy nutritious grains, pay, buy sashimi, Nana snacks.
The above is the reason to go out.
On the phone, I just said to my sister Aiqiang thanks to Nana, otherwise there would be no excuse to buy small snacks.
There was a few perfunctory smiles, saying that the child hung up when he called.
Nana jumped into the assistant seat and lay down honestly. She knew she was carsick, frightened, and was not willing not to accompany me.
Husband Boo rarely came back early.
He praised the delicious salad of salmon mixed with shea, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Take a look at the clock on the wall. It was just 7 o'clock, and sunset was early in the country of sunrise. It was already dark.
The circle of friends are inventing the month. It turned out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
He washed a bunch of grapes sent by his friends and left half for Boo. The rest was put in the favorite small flower bowl and brought out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes and she ate the skin, and I spit the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hidden in the clouds. Fortunately, the clouds are walking, the moon appears suddenly, and it is a bit eye-catching when it is bright and dark.
There are all kinds of poems about the bright moon in my mind, but I only like this sentence clearly: I will be reunited every three or five days / I will be full of clear light and jade bars / I will only hold it out in the sky / I will look up.
Maybe we have given too much emotion to the moon. For me now, in fact, the sentence that God belongs to God and Caesar belongs to Caesar is the best.
The moon returns to the moon, and the mood belongs to yourself.
After eating the grapes, the cold moon was cool.
Nana had a slight snoring sound at her feet, stood up and spread Nana's little blanket on the edge of her little house, on which Nana lay happily.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water burning?
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom lights and pull open the glass.
I didn't eat mooncakes or drink.
The mascot will be released at the 2020 Dubai World Expo.
The mascot release ceremony of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two Emirati children, three flying robots and a national tree of the United Arab Emirates.
The press conference introduced the information of the six mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Rafi, an 8-year-old girl, are brothers and sisters, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the World Expo. The blue robot represents "mobility", the green robot represents "sustainability" and the yellow robot represents "opportunity".
An ancient bean tree, named "Salama", is the "old grandmother" of five "little guys", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo High Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of telling stories, show the creativity of local talents and express our ambitions and expectations".
The Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and Director of the Dubai World Expo Bureau, Lim Hashemi, attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme "Communicating ideas and creating the future".
This will be the first time that the World Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate courses on the basis of college entrance examination results
Recently, Germany's Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign qualifications, announced on the official website: starting in 2020, China's high school graduates can directly apply for an undergraduate degree in a German university on the basis of their college entrance examination results, without having to register at a domestic university first.
Before that, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply for German universities need to study for one semester (Project 211 and 985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate) in China, and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The promulgation of the new rules may save at least half a year for Chinese students who are willing to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new rules will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to meet: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school graduation certificate; participate in the HKCEE and college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750, it must reach more than 525 points), and it includes two language scores and one mathematics or natural science score.
In addition, the requirements of specific specialties for college entrance examination results are different.
For example, when applying for a major in medicine, stomatology, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, or participate in integrated science; when applying for a major in law, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history, geography, or participate in comprehensive literature.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and other countries, have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking Britain as an example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University and Leicester University all accept Chinese students to apply for study on the basis of college entrance examination results.
Military "Robot Dog" first takes a performance class Cirque du Soleil: Consider being included in the performance lineup.
The US military has funded the development of "robot dogs" for use in the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil recently said it was in contact with Boston Dynamics, which developed robots, to discuss the feasibility of applying robots to circus performances.
According to comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics Technology announced the publicity film of "Four-legged Robot Spot" on the 24th, which shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot with a load of 14 kg, with high mobility, 360-degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy adapted to off-road terrain.
In particular, Spot has a dedicated software platform specially developed for Spot. Users can set Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics Technology first published the idea of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation, but it has not really been put into commercial application.
However, Boston Dynamics Technology pointed out that Spot has entered the stage of mass production, and most of the buyers are construction and energy operators.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics Technology. Cirque du Soleil said the project is still in the conceptual stage and is evaluating the potential of Spot to be used in the performance scene.
State Council Information Office Releases White Paper on "China and the World in the New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Central Propaganda Department and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development trend, and elaborates in depth on the relationship between China and the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has witnessed profound changes, creating unprecedented development miracle in human history. Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and changes.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, significance and world contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper points out that, in just a few decades, China has completed the development process that took developed countries several hundred years. The total economy ranks second in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have been freed from material shortages, generally achieved a well-off level and enjoyed previously unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have started from scratch, self-reliance and hard work, and have worked new horizons. Over the past 70 years, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning the world and contributing to the world. Over the past 70 years, while realizing self-development, China has contributed to world peace and added momentum to the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that, over the past 70 years, China has achieved great success, the root cause is that the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the country's national conditions, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road to seek common development in opening up, and a road to the rule of law in an all-round way.
China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times, and will show more and more bright development prospects as the times move forward.
In response to the concerns of the international community about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that to realize national prosperity, rejuvenation, and people's happiness is not only a dream of the Chinese, but also the common dream of the people of other countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizing force and power source of the world economic growth. All-round opening up creates more opportunities for the development of all countries. China provides more public goods for the international community. China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries. China will never follow the path of "national strength and hegemony".
Faced with the question of "what's wrong with the world and what about human beings" the white paper points out that the world today is in a situation of change that has not been seen in a century. Human society is full of both hope and challenges.
China proposes to build a community of human destiny, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation and joint construction, thus providing a new option for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations as the core, promote the exchange of civilizations, jointly promote the building of a community of destiny of mankind and build a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing China can get along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development is inseparable from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability are inseparable from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhering to win-win cooperation and common development, adhering to maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developing global partnership, firmly supporting multilateralism, safeguarding international fairness and justice, promoting the high-quality development of the "one belt, one road" actively participating in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and always being a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era of China, the determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination to learn from each other and win-win cooperation with other countries will not change, and the determination to work hand in hand with the world will not change.
The white paper concludes that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely linked.
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" consists of a preface, text and concluding remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper was published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese. It was published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Languages Press respectively, and distributed in Xinhua Bookstore throughout the country.
Is Malaysian Chinese in the by-election for the parliamentary seat in Tanjung Piai, Johor?
Malaysian Chinese President Dato 'Sri Wei Jiaxiang: "Discussion by the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional!"
The by-election for the Tanjung Piai national seat is imminent, and whether Malaysian Chinese, a member of the Barisan Nasional party, is in the traditional national seat attracts attention.
However, after the meeting of the Central Committee of Malaysia and China, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional to decide whether the traditional seat of Malaysia and China would continue to be replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the meeting of the Malaysian Chinese Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election would be conducted in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, after the meeting of the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional.
He said that as the election committee will not meet until next Monday (1) to finalize the by-election for the national seat of Tanjung Piai, the meeting of the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met with the chairman of the Barisan Nasional, Dato 'Sri Ahmad Zahi, and we all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Hope Alliance."
"We have finalized a special meeting of the leaders of the Barisan Nasional in early October, and the leaders of the three parties of Barisan Nasional will determine which member party will fight."
Asked whether Malaysian Chinese would insist on the traditional seat of the Barisan Nasional to the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that, as the president of the Barisan Nasional, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures, so any decision must obtain the consensus of the Barisan Nasional.
"In any by-election, some people are willing to go out, some political parties and some parties think they should come out, which is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a great test for us to form a political alliance over the years. We believe that the Barisan Nasional has come all the way and holds some valuable values."
"In the process, someone may say something, which is not surprising."
"However, once the Supreme Council of the Barisan Nasional has made a decision, everyone must make every effort to prepare for the war, which is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that Malaysian Chinese will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming by-election for the national seat of Tanjung Piai at three levels, namely the district council, the state committee and the central government.
"The district council will be led by Dato 'Seri Huang, chairman of the (Tanjung Piai) district council; the state joint committee will be led by Dato' Lin Peixing, acting chairman of the Ruzhou joint committee; and the central government will be personally deployed by Dato 'Ma Hanshun, acting president of the general council, and Dato' Zhang Shengwen, general secretary."
Last Saturday (21), Dato Mohamed Farid, a member of Congress of the United Indigenous Party Tanjung Piai, died at the Stupid Government Hospital at the age of 42 because of heart problems.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was ordered to "patrol the mountain voluntarily"
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan (Renminbi, the same below) for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, thus realizing the organic unity of legal effect and social effect.
Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Procurator-General of Baokang County Procuratorate, introduced on the 27th that through three months of "compulsory mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou has established deep feelings with wild macaques and deeply blamed himself for hunting animals before.
On June 21 this year, a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit filed by the Baokang County Procuratorate in the field of ecological resources was heard in public in the county court and sentenced in court.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, four years' probation, a fine of 3,000 yuan, and ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid on the cliff in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including gazelle, reeves's muntjac, hairy-crowned deer, etc.
The gazelle belongs to the second class of endangered wild animals in the country. Small muntjac and hairy-crowned deer are listed in the National List of Terrestrial Wildlife Protection.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions, and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, Lin station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: that is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration costs by carrying out macaques domestication and management work, voluntary mountain patrol and forest protection in the village macaques reserve for one year.
With regard to the prosecutor's suggestion, the court accepted and agreed that Zhou should carry out the suspended sentence while actively fulfilling the obligation of "alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration".
At present, Zhou has worked voluntarily in the macaques reserve for three months, actively patrolling the mountains and performing well.
In recent years, Baokang County Procuratorate has organically integrated procuratorial functions and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically using supervision methods such as procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision, and using judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
United Nations awards "Guardian of the Earth Award" for "Ant Forest"
In the warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, director of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, user representative, walked to the podium and received the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Champions of the Earth Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Champions of the Earth Award" award ceremony was held in New York, United States, on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which used mobile phone small programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental action, won the "Inspiration and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of awards at its headquarters in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya, but the people who attended the award ceremony on that day were still unable to hide their excitement.
In an interview with a reporter from Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Inge Andersen, said that the "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that allows hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges facing human beings and what human beings can do for the environment.
It uses science and technology to connect people and the environment, so that every individual can participate in the action to protect the earth, which will have a great impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by the China Ant Financial Services Group (hereinafter referred to as ant gold suit) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" through low-carbon actions such as recording green travel in their daily life in the "Ant Forest" and paying water and electricity bills online to "plant trees" in their mobile phones.
Every time users form a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in desertified areas.
As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users had reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Champions of the Earth Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene. "It is impressive that it can inspire so many people to participate in green action".
Jing Xiandong, chairman and chief executive of the ant gold suit, said that the "Champions of the Earth Award" was an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that the "Ant Forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "Ant Forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come more from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, it is also hoped to help farmers increase their income through agricultural development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare environmental protection model based on digital technology established by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used for reference by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest", encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to introduction, GCash will work with the Philippine Department of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental protection public welfare organizations to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The "Champions of the Earth Award" is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection and is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award. After the builder of Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Thousand Village Demonstration and Wan Village Rehabilitation" project in Zhejiang Province, China, the green innovation project from China won the "Incentive and Action Award" award for the third consecutive year.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The US economic "report card" in the second quarter of this year shows that the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) has slowed significantly compared with the previous quarter, affected by the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they brought were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the previous revised data, but significantly lower than 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data show that consumption growth has become the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total US economy, increased by 4.6% in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment led to economic growth of 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter compared with the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter; exports fell by 5.7% compared with the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter.
Barry Knapp, management partner of the US Enside Macroeconomic Consulting Corporation, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the growth momentum of last year, but fell sharply, because economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty dealt a blow to corporate confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditure is still expected to decline next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, head of the survey and an economics professor at the University of Michigan, said recently that in the most recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, a new high in a year and a half.
For the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow.
However, some experts said that if the economic and trade friction is eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and the financial market will improve.
Kathleen Birch, a global economist at the British Economist think tank, predicts that in the future, the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend this year, and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analysis, predicts that, assuming that economic and trade frictions do not continue to escalate, the US economy will grow by 2.3% this year and will slow further to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Harzen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced, and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than it is now.
Matt Melly, stock strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade frictions are still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade frictions can be properly resolved will be the key to affecting the direction of the US capital market for the rest of this year.
Ningxia is the first couple to take joint parental leave for parents of children aged 0 to 3 years can take 10 days per year
Safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of women is not only a manifestation of respect for and protection of human rights, but also an important sign of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the Regulations on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were adopted by a high vote.
This is the first provincial-level local regulation to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women in Ningxia, which will be formally implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the 2007 Ningxia Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests. They are divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural education rights and interests, labor and social security rights and interests, property rights and interests, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities and supplementary provisions.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave for couples, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants under the Age of 3" promulgated by the General Office of the State Council, has a relevant description of the joint child-rearing of couples.
In the process of amending the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed to "encourage employers to give couples who have children in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations 10 days of joint parental leave each year between the ages of 0 and 3".
At the same time, the Regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the compilation of personality rights in China's current Civil Code, and details the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Regulations expressly prohibits the frequent and vicious incidents of sexual abuse of girls, and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, thus becoming a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of the common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and relevant subjects, so as to provide solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, in response to social hot issues - gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and absorbs the latest practical experience of joint interviews to strengthen the punishment of violations of gender discrimination and more vigorously safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, together with the Public Prosecution and Law Department, civil affairs and other departments, has achieved remarkable results in promoting and introducing social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence.
The Regulations summarize and promote this. A number of laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia Hinggan League Academician Yuan Longping workstation saline-alkali-tolerant rice per mu of rice
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Hinggan League Administration Office of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that the good news came from the "Evaluation Council for the on-site measurement and acceptance of saline-alkali-tolerant rice at the Hinggan League Academician Yuan Longping workstation" held recently. The average yield of saline-tolerant rice exceeded 1,000 catties per mu.
An expert group composed of 6 experts from the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Province Agricultural and Rural Department sampled and harvested the "salt series" rice on the spot.
After expert evaluation, on land with a pH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 to 6 per thousand, saline-tolerant rice produced an average of 508.8 kg of rice per mu.
Wang Shigang, executive director of Hinggan League Academician Yuan Longping's workstation, said: "On the basis of this year's experiment, we plan to innovate and reform, and recultivate and optimize saline-tolerant rice varieties to make better quality and higher yield."
Lai Yongcai, head of the expert group on production measurement and vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: "On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I think that by continuously strengthening scientific and technological research, saline-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline-alkali land."
Hinggan League belongs to the concentrated special hardship area in the southern foothills of Greater Khingan Range.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's workstation was inaugurated in Hinggan League.
Academician Yuan Longping led the expert team to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated "saline-alkali-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, to build a 960-acre saline-alkali-tolerant rice base in the middle flag of Korqin's right wing, and to adopt the technical route of trial demonstration and promotion to promote the local poor to increase production and income, lift themselves out of poverty and become rich.
This on-site measurement of the yield of saline-alkali-tolerant rice not only injected hope for the upgrading of Hinggan League's saline-alkali medium and low-yield fields to medium and high-yield fields, but also provided a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline-alkali rice under the same conditions in China.
According to the Australian Network, after a marathon debate and weeks of protests, the New South Wales of Australia passed the abortion legalization bill on September 26, local time.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate in the past eight weeks. Since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
According to the report, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the New South Wales Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after the final vote in the House of Representatives of the New South Wales, abortion was legalized in the New South Wales.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and to have an abortion later in pregnancy if two doctors agree.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment whereby doctors can seek advice from a multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing an abortion for a woman after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendments passed by the Senate include that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive after termination of pregnancy.
Previously, New South Wales Governor Berejiklian had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berejiklian had intervened many times to gain more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
"I need to spend time running the whole New South Wales," Berejiklian defended his absentee vote.
It is reported that Australian Liberal MP Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the New South Wales government because of the bill, saying the bill triggered a "government crisis".
But after that, Davis made concessions.
Davis said: "The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors."
At the same time, Australia's New South Wales National Party leader Barilaro said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the New South Wales. It legalizes abortion, abortion is no longer a crime, and women who undergo abortion will not be treated as criminals."
The major project of Sany Group is located in Zhuzhou.
A total investment of 15 billion yuan will focus on the development of oil smart equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Sany Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group has invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart steel industry, oil intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base), engineering machinery second-hand car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. The total annual output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
The Sany Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan, is located in Hetang District, which will focus on building the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even the middle. It is also the intelligent manufacturing and processing center of Sany Group's metal structural parts. The oil intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base) project, with a total investment of 5 billion yuan, will focus on building a petroleum intelligent equipment production base and building a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, Sany Group will also build a second-hand car market for engineering machinery in Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out practical cooperation in intelligent manufacturing and other fields.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to the cooperation with Sany Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 Project" to attract investment in the city this year. Party Secretary Mao Tengfei and Mayor Yang Weiguo took the lead in setting up a special coordination group to provide high-quality and efficient services for the development of Sany Group in Zhuzhou. From the intention to contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, it was less than 100 days before and after.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund.
Finance Minister Liu Kun said on the 27th that so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting on the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission on the same day.
"The transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic endowment insurance system. It is a full reflection of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund" requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the pre-transfer work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred in three batches, with a total of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital transferred.
Among them, the transfer of the central financial institutions performed by the Ministry of Finance as donors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work of enterprises has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot projects in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, transferring 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan of state-owned capital respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out preparatory work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the next implementation of the transfer.
According to the notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission, the work of transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund was fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made concrete arrangements for the comprehensive transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work in a pragmatic and efficient manner.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The transfer work time is tight and the task is heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed according to the requirements; firmly promote the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination to solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state capital to enrich the social security fund - starting from the starting point of "enriching the money bag of the social security fund" the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Affairs, State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on comprehensively promoting the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund" clarifying the timetable for the transfer of state-owned capital to the social security fund, that is, the central and local transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund will be fully promoted in 2019.
After the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments also implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the shares held by the Industrial and Commercial Bank and the Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two transfers exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the social security foundation and other undertakings, as financial investors, enjoy the right of income, disposal and right to know of the state-owned shares.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank of China said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in the Bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
To this, the author believes that the similar equity transfer of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The "addition result" of the first step in the transfer of some state-owned capital to social security can naturally reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people and the sharing of development results by the whole people.
After many years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in our economy, and the overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, the leading enterprises continue to achieve excellence, big and strong.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it would, together with relevant departments and in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, do a good job in comprehensively promoting the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflecting the intergenerational fairness of the basic endowment insurance system and the sharing of the results of the development of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of the "addition result" is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure. Most of the state capital, which is the main body transferred, has the ability to make sustained profits and dividends, which can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of living water for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the contribution rate of basic endowment insurance can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "addition result", is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The way to obtain income from this transfer is "dividend-based and operation-auxiliary".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund does mainly obtain equity dividend income.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has a strong capital operation ability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help to improve the management level of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as an investment vane, the increase in the shareholding weight of the social security fund is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and acting as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also beneficial to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guide investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig at the age of 18 and later taught from Weber.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted by not publishing works in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he created the symphony Miserae and dedicated it to "my sleeping friends".
In 1935, the symphony premiere in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartmann was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto was a violin and string concerto, when the manuscript of the music was stolen from Germany and held its premiere in Switzerland.
Please listen to the funeral concerto played by the Bern Indoor Orchestra at the Beethoven Music Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate Approves Scalia as Labor Secretary - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The Senate of the United States Congress voted on the 26th to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Minister of Labor.
The vote was 53 in favour and 44 against, and no Democrats voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's resume makes him well suited to serve as labor minister.
But in the view of Democrats, Scalia has long been the opposite of workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
After being accused of "leniency" against US billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who was suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls, then-Labor Minister Acosta announced his resignation in July under great pressure from public opinion.
Scalia, 56, is a partner of a well-known law firm in the United States. His father was the late Justice Antonin Scalia of the United States Supreme Court.
The Department of Labor is a cabinet-level department of the United States federal government and is in charge of labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day that Trump had nominated Federal Emergency Management Agency Acting Director Peter Geithner to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Geithner's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency, which is part of the United States Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal government resources to deal with natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other emergencies in the United States and follow-up matters.
Since the first appearance of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a major military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" square array of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day military parade is the first appearance of the Rocket Force on Chang'an Street after it changed from" soldier "to" army. "
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Force equipment team, said.
The missile troops under review fully developed the spirit of special hardship, special combat and special dedication, strict careful training and scientific group training. The whole process of military parade training reflected three characteristics, showed a good strategic military image and paid more attention to the strict style of work.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers have strict standard requirements, forging a strong style of strict conduct and prohibition.
They also paid attention to promoting the spirit of craftsmen, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance and style of work, forming the characteristics of "strong military posture, fast movement and bright answers" constantly using a strict style to create a powerful missile phalanx, and paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic service, Rocket Force is a fine tradition and advantage to talk about science and technology and emphasize innovation.
In this military parade training, on the basis of learning from past experience, they broke the mindset, broke through traditional methods, and used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefits, so as to ensure that the combination of man and car is not bad, the action of the square team is not bad every minute, and the actual combat standards are better.
The receiving troops of the Rocket Force adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold every gate and keep an eye on every detail, let the receiving troops undergo quenching, and really make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination room to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran is confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iran nuclear agreement
China News ECNS On September 27 (Central News Agency), the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on September 26 that Iran had once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement by using advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, namely, to maintain the stock of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium does not exceed 3.67%, and now there are further moves.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to enrich uranium several times faster, possibly for nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency stated: "On September 25, the Agency confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges of model 2 and model 3... are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to Member States, and a diplomatic official responded: "They are busy at the [Natanz enriched uranium] facility."
The Vietnamese Investors and Entrepreneurs Association officially appeared.
Chen Hailing, president of the Association of Vietnamese Investors and Entrepreneurs, said that VKBIA will work together to play a bridge role in strengthening relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step towards achieving the above-mentioned goals.
He hopes that the Communist Party of Vietnam, government and relevant functional agencies in South Korea will provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, deputy ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas, with the aim of expanding the space for investment cooperation, helping each other to make a more effective contribution to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economy, and promoting the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the appearance ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincides with the commemoration of the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea and was born against the background that the two countries are strengthening practical cooperation in the fields of diplomacy, national defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of two-way trade reaching US $100 billion by 2020.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect the health of the population.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education of the new Italian government and member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to parliament proposing that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on high-sugar drinks, snacks and air tickets.
It is reported that according to the bill proposed by Education Minister Fiolamonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on sugary drinks, snacks and other unhealthy dietary goods. At the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on air tickets, 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international classes.
Fiolamonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
The funds from the tax will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Konte said he thought it was a viable solution, while Italian MP, European MP and League Party leader Salvini tweeted sarcastically, asking everyone to hide desserts, biscuits, bread and candy quickly, because the new government would start imposing a snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of this tax will help to bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
China News ECNS Ottawa, September 26 (reporter Yu Ruidong) Cong Peiwu, the new Chinese ambassador to Canada, held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made achievements that have attracted worldwide attention, not only profoundly changing the face of China, benefiting its own people, but also producing far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to human problems.
The picture shows the participating guests stopping to watch the photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of world human development and has made an important contribution to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace, always advocates the basic norms of international relations with the five principles of peaceful coexistence as the core, and is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, benefiting the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward on the correct track.
On the contrary, bilateral relations will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations have encountered serious difficulties, and the responsibility does not lie with China.
"You must tie the bell".
We hope that Canada will come up with a proper solution to the outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible so as to create conditions for bilateral relations to return to the right track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, ambassadors to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese institutions and foreign students attended the reception.
Diplomats from the Chinese Embassy in Canada, such as Chen Mingjian and Xiaojun, attended the reception.
A photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held at the reception site, and publicity videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed distinctive literary and artistic programs.
This is also the first time Cong Peiwu, the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, appeared in a public event after taking office.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and handed over a copy of the letter of state to Canada's chief protocol officer and protocol director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Wheeler, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Before this trip to Canada, he served as Director of the North America and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Previously, he served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand cooperation with Laos
Mr. Nguyen Duc Zhong recalled the meaningful exchange of delegations between the two sides and affirmed that these activities helped to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Feng Weihan.
Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung hopes that Ambassador Tongshawan will continue to play a good role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongshawan said that Laos learned and learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences, and was impressed by the breakthrough development achieved by Hanoi and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tongshawan thanked the Hanoi Municipal Government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the fluctuation of the global situation, the relationship between Vietnam and Laos will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen Tak Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi on a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020 onwards, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese embassy in Indonesia and the mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission in ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
Indonesian friends from all walks of life, representatives of missions to Indonesia, ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese institutions and foreign students, and award-winning children's paintings on the theme "Me and China" attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission to ASEAN, Xiao Qian said that the birth of New China in 1949 ushered in a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of clothing and food to an all-round well-off society, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and strength. The Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress, political trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, practical cooperation has been continuously promoted, exchanges in various fields have been comprehensively expanded, and the China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has been stable and far away.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded and upgraded, always adhering to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoting regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of New China over the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people have initiated and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road follows the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a significant contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a feasible, right and good road to a strong country.
The picture shows the "Thematic Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the brilliant achievements of New China in 70 years and reflecting China-Indonesia, China-ASEAN relations.
The video divided into three parts: "China's brilliant development achievements" "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far away" and "China-ASEAN relations are upgraded and upgraded" won warm applause.
A "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged at the reception site to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi team opened trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of the self-driving taxi team Robotaxi was officially opened.
The first batch of 45 Apollo and FAW Hongqi jointly developed the "Hongqi EV" Robotaxi fleet began trial operation in parts of Changsha that have been opened for testing.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to the Apollo official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to try the ride experience.
An experience passenger said that he sat in the back row of the vehicle, clicked on the front screen of the passenger seat and opened the automatic driving itinerary of the vehicle with one button.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the process of driving, the vehicle can change course intelligently according to the road conditions. It can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles and make automatic avoidance for overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see information such as the change of traffic lights and waiting times ahead in advance. All the traffic conditions are clear at a glance.
The driverless had heard on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it felt amazing to find it in our lives.
We expect it to really enter the life of the common people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road passes through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Science and Technology City, Meixi Lake, Ocean Lake, Dawangshan, High-tech Zone and other areas, with a total length of 135 kilometers, and the demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently China's longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex coverage scene and the most advanced vehicle road coordination infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi team's trial operation road in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers, and it is planned to cover the 135 kilometers of road currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Lang Ping is still dissatisfied with the women's volleyball team winning: it will be difficult to make so many mistakes in playing a strong team
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth game of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. Finally, the Chinese women's volleyball team beat the Dutch women's volleyball team 3: 1, ushering in the nine-game winning streak of the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
But after the match, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third game.
"The other side strengthened the attack of serving in the third game. Some of us (one pass) were not in place to attack the ball, and we made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to make so many mistakes with a strong team."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told the players to focus, the first pass was not in place, we should adjust the attack well, and we should defend with the other side."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack, was more anxious, wanted to kill the ball too much, and her movements would be deformed.
I hope she will be patient and "we all protect her".
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper said that with the rapid improvement of China's comprehensive national strength and international influence, some people in the world are worried that China will follow the path of "national strength and hegemony," and some people have put forward the so-called "China Threat Theory".
This has not only cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances brought about by the growth and growth of power, but also deliberate distortions to safeguard one's own vested interests.
The realization of national prosperity and strength, national revitalization and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge."
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, China is the largest contributor to world economic growth, China's scientific and technological innovation injects new momentum into world economic growth, and the role of China's economic stabilizer and power source will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the momentum of world economic growth is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization are accelerating, the economic structure is deeply adjusted, industrial optimization is continuously upgraded, and new economic growth points are constantly emerging.
"According to the research report of the McKinsey Global Research Institute, by 2040, the integration of China and other world economies is expected to create an economic value of $22 trillion to $37 trillion, equivalent to 15-26% of the total global economy. Enhanced cooperation between other world economies and China will create great economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic operation, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term good for the development of the world economy.
Taking China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge", trying to push China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain, and "decoupling" China from the world economy is neither feasible nor harmful.
The white paper points out that all-round opening up creates more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a win-win opening-up strategy and achieves a stronger and higher level of opening-up. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale benefits more countries.
"Opening up should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
Mutual benefit can only be lasting in the long run. "
The white paper said that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, relaxing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection. Other countries should also open up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties move in the same direction can they create an open, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win interest community.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of "one belt, one road", building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development benefits from the international community and always does not forget to give back to the international family and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
In a written interview with a reporter from the Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slepnev, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the field of economy and trade, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russia's exports to China.
Slepnev pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a large proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
When talking about optimizing Russia's export structure to China, Slepnev said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import needs of countries and regions in the world, including China.
Next, Russia will improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slepnev said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China, and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Referring to the goal of the two countries to achieve US $200 billion in bilateral trade by 2024, Slepnev said that agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to push its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in agriculture, metallurgy, oil, gas and chemical industries are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises, "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and jointly develop exports to third countries".
Slepnev said that the Russian export center is taking a variety of measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote easier access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
There has been a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay around the world.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by the Society for Worldwide Banking Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) in London on the 26th shows that from July 2017 to July 2019, there is a marked increase in the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay.
At the annual meeting of the Global Banking Financial Telecommunication Association (SWIFT) in London in 2019, the "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by the agency, entitled "Insight into Renminbi from a London Perspective" showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay increased by 11.31%, from 1989 to 2214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay increased the most in Africa and the Middle East, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
The report shows that as of August 2019, the share of the renminbi in the global payment currency was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
According to the report data, in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London firmly ranks first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the United States 12.93% and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": secretly damaging oneself
In response to the fact that Taiwan personnel recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in meetings related to religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small moves were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwan media reports, personnel of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in a conference on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough".
The meeting you mentioned is a side event held by the United States on the United Nations premises. It is not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan personnel mixed into the United Nations in a surreptitious manner, damaging their personality, and dramatized that it was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". This small move was very disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations has repeatedly reiterated that it adheres to dealing with the Taiwan question in accordance with General Assembly resolution 2758, and the vast majority of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot Accelerating the Upgrading of Dairy Industrial Structure - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot, September 27 (reporter An Lu Meng) The reporter learned from the government of Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that Hohhot has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industrial structure, Yili and Mengniu have become the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, accelerated the implementation of Yili Health Food Industrial Park, Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park and other projects, and made every effort to create an "upgraded version of China's dairy capital".
Dairy industry is a traditional advantageous industry in Hohhot. Relying on unique resource endowments, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of dairy industry in Hohhot has expanded rapidly, and the rate of large-scale farming has been increasing.
In 2018, the city's large-scale dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrialization chain, and the total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, the city of Hohhot issued "Some Opinions on Creating an Upgraded Version of China's Dairy Capital" "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)" and implemented the "Five Upgrades" plan for the construction of a high-quality milk source base, the connection of the interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-grade leading enterprises, the cultivation of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprise clusters and the international innovation of the dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local area will accelerate the landing of two major investment projects, Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technological Innovation Center, so as to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the central parity of the Vietnamese dong against the US dollar was raised by 5 Vietnamese dong
With the fluctuation of the exchange rate of + / - 3%, today the upper limit of the exchange rate of the US dollar to the Vietnamese dong is 23854 guilders and the lower limit is 22465 guilders.
The bank's RMB purchase price and sale price were 3211 guilders and 3295 guilders respectively, down 1 guilder respectively from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the purchase price and sale price of US dollars at 23131 guilders and 23271 guilders respectively, down 2 guilders respectively from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and sale price were 3193 guilders and 3326 guilders respectively, down 1 guilder and 2 guilders respectively from the previous trading day.
"Good Stories of China" database online to show the world a real three-dimensional and comprehensive China
The database of "Good Stories of China" an innovative and basic platform for foreign publicity work with the aim of "telling Chinese stories well and spreading Chinese voices well" was officially launched today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Stories" database (www.chinastori.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the scene of "Beauty and the Communist Party -" China Good Story "Database Online Press Conference" filmed on September 27.
On that day, the database of "Good Stories of China" an innovative and basic platform for foreign publicity work with the aim of "telling Chinese stories and spreading Chinese voices" was officially launched to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Open the database of "Good Stories of China" and a picture of ink swimming fish with a long artistic conception slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure house of Chinese stories for readers through time and space.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional story of "loyalty to the country" "The Foolish Old Man Removes the Mountains" to the story of the new era of "I will have no me" "Don't forget the heart" thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers to show the "Chinese spirit" "Chinese wisdom" "Chinese power".
The story library brings together five categories of "1 + 4" theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first interpreter of Chinese stories". The "learning" section takes Xi Jinping's stories, the stories told by Xi Jinping, the stories used by Xi Jinping and the stories of Xi Jinping's favorite characters as the main line. It provides a rich and convenient web platform for readers to learn Xi Jinping's story-telling art and understand the truth of governing the country behind the story. Four story categories, such as "governing the country", "striving to achieve a dream", "Chinese culture", "win-win cooperation", closely revolve around the story of the Communist Party of China's governance, the story of the Chinese people's struggle to achieve a dream, the story of extensive and profound Chinese culture and the story of China's adherence to peaceful development and win-win cooperation.
The reporter learned from the online launch of the "Good Stories of China" database held in Beijing today that the "Good Stories of China" database has set up Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website has comprehensive content, rich functions, fashionable design, and the whole media shows wonderful stories.
Mobile phone clients highlight the voice function of artificial intelligence, adapt to the trend of mobile communication, and provide users with portable "China Good Story" players.
In order to facilitate query and use, the database gives full play to the advantages of China's intelligent search technology, and provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search and label search. It is convenient, fast, easy to check and easy to use.
The "China Good Stories" database has also set up a special content open platform, which has opened a "story number" for more than a dozen units, including State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
Demonstrations bombard the president to step down Egypt's authorities to show strong repression
Twitter theme labels and community media are vigorously advocating that the Egyptian public took to the streets today to peacefully call for President Sisi to step down.
But the authorities have made it clear that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since the then military chief, Sisi, launched a military coup to seize power in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be in extreme danger.
The Guardian reported that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the rare protests calling for Sisi to step down last weekend, according to the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo.
Corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family squandering public money in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior firmly stated yesterday that it would respond decisively to any attempt to destabilize the country and would never be soft.
The centre of Cairo has long been heavily guarded, and riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police can be seen everywhere in the streets around Tahrir Square, the detonation point of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained a number of important scholars and social dignitaries on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "I have no doubt that continuing to let Sisi rule absolutely will cause disaster."
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, a spokesman for Egypt's former military chief of staff, Anan, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
Constitution Party Chairman Davud was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at a time when the economic plight of the poor and the middle class is increasing, the practice of sweeping up dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
"The catch-up operation highlights the regime's indifference to the Egyptian people and how much it fears itself," said Ayman Nour, an opposition leader who once ran for the presidency.
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political oppression, Sisi is trying to send a clear message to important generals and politicians who may replace them."
Noor pointed out that under the premise that the socio-economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-pressure approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently in exile in Spain and a former Egyptian military construction contractor, began uploading a series of films at the beginning of the month, benefiting from government corruption, triggering a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said his company's Amrak general contract did not have to go through a statutory bidding process to get a lucrative contract, stressing the widespread corruption between the military and relatives of Sisi, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He deeply regretted that he had been involved in it.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sisi were in stark contrast to the current extreme poverty of Egyptians, and that the other party had not yet paid.
On Twitter, theme labels such as "Stand up and you're not alone" "Sisi you're done" "Sisi's roll" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets, calling on people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand that Sisi step down.
Hollywood Egyptian male star Amavick has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is doomed... he is done, and those who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
The government has launched a free special training program to help employees affected by the recent economy overcome difficulties
The HKSAR Government announced on the 27th that it will launch a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible students will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City have few customers.
Affected by the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, visitors to Hong Kong have declined significantly recently. In addition to the tourism industry, the hotel, catering, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr Law Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on commissioning the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang described that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy are imminent and should not wait for the situation to calm before starting work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government launched this free training program called "Special? Love Value Added".
It is reported that people who are unemployed or requested by their employers to take unpaid leave from June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the plan as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that the range of courses is very wide, the most important part of which is the training of "vocational skills" covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses, as well as cross-industry "general skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge and the plan is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Students participating in the scheme will receive a special allowance as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and have an attendance rate of 80%. The maximum monthly allowance per student is HK $4,000.
According to introduction, the training course lasts two to three months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. Members of the public can read the daily newspaper from October 3 to March 31 next year, and each person can apply for up to four courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome the difficulties.
These measures include relaxing funding for the Tourism Council, subsidizing 6,000 tour guides to renew their licences to enrol in courses, and waiving annual fees for travel agents.
Exercise is also tiring?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes shows that after high-intensity exercise, the brain will also show signs of fatigue.
The study, led by Mathias Pessiglione, an expert at the Pitier-Salpetrier Hospital in France, shows that there is no obvious link between mental and manual work: both require cognitive control of activities.
"You need to control an autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when muscles and joints are in pain," Pessiglione explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sports (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding the athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, that is, after high-load sports, there is an uncontrollable sense of fatigue, the body cannot recover and the performance declines.
INSEP raises a question: Will part of the cause of this disease be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Contemporary Biology.
A few days ago, the exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse", Qi Baishi's "Ten Thousand Years of Peace", Li Keran's "Red Mountain", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Zhongli's "Father", Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations" more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, including almost all the classic works since the founding of New China.
"Great Course Magnificent Scroll - Art Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" is a rich and multidimensional display of the magnificent great course and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, as well as the unremitting fighting spirit of the Chinese people and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a preface and four chapters.
The exhibition has a huge scale and a collection of famous works. The exhibition displays more than 480 works, covering many art types such as Chinese paintings, oil paintings, printmaking, sculptures, watercolor water powder, New Year paintings and publicity paintings. It focuses on the classic works collected by the National Art Museum of China, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, more than 130 new works on realistic themes just completed by the "National Thematic Art Creation" organized by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism were also displayed for the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the National Art Museum of China used all the exhibition space in the museum for the first time. In addition to the three-storey exhibition hall in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and the exhibition design formed an internal and external exhibition pattern.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the National Art Museum of China was suspended from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day". This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All". The Tourist Board arranged a series of activities, including receiving lucky tourists and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, there was also a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. Tan Junrong, Director of the Department of Social Culture, attended and participated in this global tourism event to actively promote the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
MGTO Director Wen Yihua and Deputy Director Xu Yaoming and other leaders and relevant supervisors went to Macao International Airport on the same day to send souvenirs to the lucky passengers of "World Tourism Day".
Mr. Wipoosiri, a traveler from Thailand, became a lucky traveler this year. He said that he came to Macao about four to five times a year. Macao is a suitable tourist destination for a family. He can enjoy Macao food and visit the urban areas of Macao during the weekend holidays.
The Macao tourist mascot "Mai Mai" robot was also present to welcome passengers. The Passenger Information Desk under the Tourism Bureau also arranged to provide souvenirs to passengers throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. It gathered nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao. It coincided with the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. Before departure, the participants arranged a group photo of the number "20" at the Ruins of Saint Paul's to add joy to the event.
Some participants also wore special clothes in line with the return theme.
The participants crossed the street of the "Historic City of Macao" with a tray carrying a bottle of "Macao Beer" and delivered the beer safely to the Senado Square as quickly as possible. The process was intense and exciting. Along the way, they attracted a large number of passengers to stop and take pictures and even cheer up the participants, showing the tourist charm of Macao.
The men's champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Jinsha City Center of Macao; the women's champion was Ye Xiaojing of Jiajing Group; and the most special clothing winners were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel respectively.
On the evening of that day, MGTO invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
Tan Junrong said at the dinner that Macao's tourism industry has developed thousands of miles in the 20 years since the return, but in the face of continuous changes in peripheral environmental factors, the industry needs to innovate and move forward on the basis of the success achieved, adjust strategies and conceptualize new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
At the same time, with the theme "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", the dinner arranged for Macao singers to sing the local original congratulatory return song "Lian Cheng Family", and six large-scale tourism enterprises to present a number of performances in line with the return theme, showcasing Macao's diverse tourism and leisure elements and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day", with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The Central Bank launched 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (reporter Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of interest rate tender on September 27.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase expired on the same day, the People's Bank of China achieved a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The Central Bank announced that it launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a period of 14 days, and the winning interest rate was 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the Central Bank to carry out a 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as the previous trading day.
Make Chinese citizens more comfortable "going out" --Visit Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first short film on consular protection of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs went online. The sentence at the end of the short film resonated with the majority of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with a reporter from Xinhua News Agency that the short film aims to further make the people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and to make Chinese citizens feel that regardless of whether they are in any corner of the world, Chinese diplomats will lend them a helping hand and give them help, strength and hope.
Overseas peace is no small matter, one leaf is always concerned.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening-up to more than one billion per year today. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens travelling abroad is more guaranteed, and the target of consular protection work and assistance has been expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, foreign students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major actions to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accept and coordinate the handling of about 500,000 cases for help, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; wanting to have a "talk-and-go trip" is no longer a dream.
According to Cui Aimin, by the end of August this year, China had concluded visa waiver agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel.
In addition, more and more countries unilaterally grant Chinese citizens visa-free or visa-on-arrival and other entry facilities.
Thailand, Egypt and other 42 countries and regions unilaterally grant entry visas to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, unilaterally allow Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports to enter the country visa-free.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, it is more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas and the procedures are more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue visas for tourists and business personnel for 10 years, and the agreement with the United Kingdom to issue visas for each other for tourism, business and family visits for 2 years.
Britain and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service. France, Italy and Singapore reduced the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region for more than five years, which is of great significance to business personnel, especially those of private enterprises, to "go out".
At present, China's effective card holdings rank first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to adopt visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, translate the achievements of diplomatic work into measures for the benefit of the people, and continuously improve the "gold content" of Chinese passports.
The National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Party Secretary Cai Qi led the team to check the safe production and holiday market supply during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve the political position, strengthen bottom-line thinking, do a solid and meticulous job to ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens enjoy a happy and peaceful festival.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal committee and mayor, checked together.
The power supply service center in Tiananmen Square area covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time, so as to realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully examined the operation and safe production of power supply equipment, asked for important details of power supply support work, and went into the dispatching command hall to listen to the report on the safe power supply and gas supply work during the festival.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the front-line staff and stressed the need to establish bottom-line thinking, do a good job in fire fighting and other work, go to the scene more, pay attention to the end, and strengthen the detection of safety risks and equipment operation monitoring at each point one by one, so as to ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
In the Wangfujing Department Store, there are a wide variety of goods, and there is a festive atmosphere everywhere.
The Peace Fruit Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the walls made of green tiles and stone bricks and the old shops such as the photo studio, the big theatre, the food store and the old book bureau are full of a strong taste of Beijing.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining looked as they walked, listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store in conjunction with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian street to enhance commercial operation and market supply, and understood the holiday security situation in detail.
Go into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" "Great North Photo Gallery" and so on, understand the sales of Beijing's characteristic goods, and ask the tourists about the experience of the tour along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Dynasty He, a model worker in Beijing and son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the wonderful work of "one grasp" and "one mouthful clear". Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously carry forward the spirit of the model worker.
Cai Qi urged to strengthen market monitoring to ensure adequate and stable supply for the holidays and to strictly control food safety; shopping malls and other densely populated places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming took part in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line leader" guards the safety of passenger line operation.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration that, up to now, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 district cities and 6 provincial counties in Jiangxi have "long lines".
The person in charge of Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration introduced that because the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises is a mere formality, the main responsibility for enterprise safety does not fall into practice. Illegal violations such as overspeeding of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time, and the security situation of road passenger transport is more serious.
In order to further consolidate the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for production safety and ensure the safety of passengers travelling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017 and began to gradually promote it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system", selecting 1,334 "line length" management lines, covering 4,824 operating buses.
According to introduction, the "line leader" is generally appointed by road transport passenger transport enterprises to be responsible for the management of the relevant line personnel, vehicles, lines and other work, to ensure that the line person in charge of the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment, etc., to ensure the safety of the line operation.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Department will hold a special food safety public guided tour from October to December. Food safety educators will lead a visit to the "Photo Exhibition of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Australia for 20 Years" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of Mainland food for Australia, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Australia. Members of the public are welcome to participate actively.
Jointly sponsored by the National Customs Administration and the Macao Special Administrative Region Municipal Department, the "Watch and Help Together - Documentary Photo Exhibition on 20 Years of Work to Ensure the Safety of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Australia" is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many Macao citizens to visit.
To celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the twentieth anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Department will, from October to December, at 3: 30 p.m. every Wednesday (except public holidays), the food information station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, a special food safety public guided tour, led by food safety educators to visit the photo exhibition and the food information station. Through on-site pictures, films, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, accompanied by guided tours by food safety personnel, participants will have an in-depth understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food supplied to Australia in the Mainland, as well as the food safety work of food supplied to Australia from import to market monitoring, and learn the knowledge of food safety in daily life, so as to pay further attention to food safety, and give full play to the spirit of "food safety and peace of mind of the government,
Each food safety guided tour lasts about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Desk of the Municipal Services Department on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day. The fee is free and the number of places is limited on a first-come, first-served basis.
For enquiries, please call the Food Safety Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Province Tax Treasury Bank to facilitate the people's comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched - China News ECNS
Fujian Province tax bank convenient comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched.
China News ECNS Fuzhou September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) The comprehensive tax payment platform of the Fujian tax bank was officially launched in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province, on September 27.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Province Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China Banking Union Co., Ltd. jointly signed a tripartite cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax payment platform for the Fujian Province tax bank.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of safety, universality, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end connects taxes, governments, banks, non-bank payment agencies and social service parties. It provides mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial service points and other online and offline tax payment channels, and the back end connects the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of people-friendly projects, among which the medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents has been officially launched.
The project has opened up 14 channels online and offline, which can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
On-line, medical insurance fees can be paid through "Min Tax Link" "cloud flash payment" as well as the APP and WeChat public numbers of banks; offline, medical insurance fees can be paid in various tax halls and rural inclusive financial services points in Fujian Province by sweeping codes, waving cards and brushing cards.
Shi Dong, vice president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform can provide safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax service for the public while ensuring the direct payment of government income and the real-time interaction of data and information.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province have opened more than 9,000 medical insurance fee collection functions, so that rural residents can safely pay medical insurance fees if they "do not leave the village" so that the public has a stronger and stronger "sense of acquisition" and "happiness".
According to statistics, in the 20 days since the pre-trial operation of the platform's medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents, the number of service users has reached 840,000, of which 750,000 are online payment users and nearly 20,000 are inclusive financial service point payment users.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology in the country.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the sealed electronic payment voucher directly through the mobile phone.
Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" to facilitate private tax payment will be further broadened.
The United States will increase the deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The US Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the US will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "THAAD" anti-missile system in the preparatory deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the Patriot and THAAD systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the United States claimed to attack Saudi Arabia.
Speaking at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th, Iranian President Rouhani said that when all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that only the withdrawal of US troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of the Saudi National Oil Company and caused a fire.
The US accused Iran of causing the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Selis's plan to increase his holdings completed last year's call for employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Selis (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had increased the company's shares by a total of 1.0542 million shares, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, through collective bidding on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The total amount of the increase was RMB0.0926 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs) to complete the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Selis, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei"), held 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital. Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei's shares and was the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Selis has made a positive move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Selis has successively launched measures such as executive increase, chairman's bottom-up increase initiative, repurchase of shares and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Selis announced that the company's seven executives, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had cumulatively increased their holdings of 394,300 shares (0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of 7.0229 million yuan. The increase plan had been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, chairman and real controller of Selis, put forward an initiative to increase the company's stock holdings, and promised that Wen Wei would compensate for any losses.
The period of the increase is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of the increase in the company's shares does not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase, the company's shares must be held continuously for more than 12 months and may not be reduced, and the employee is in service at the time of compensation.
The reporter combed and found that during the above-mentioned employee increase period, Selis's share price was as low as 14.02 yuan and the highest was 16.44 yuan. Based on the closing price of 20.02 yuan on September 25, the highest floating profit of the employee increase could reach 42.80% and the lowest was 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Selis again adopted the plan to buy back the company's shares, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to buy back the shares was not less than 160 million yuan and not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the "Selis 2019 Restrictive Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" announcement and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that the equity incentive is based on 2018 operating income, and the growth rate of the four fiscal years 2019-2022 is not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively.
Judging from Selis's performance in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded this year's 30% growth unlocking conditions.
In the first half of the year, the operating income was 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50% year on year, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 56.2324 million yuan, an increase of 16.46% year on year.
Since the 2018 report, Selis's revenue growth rate has exceeded 38% year on year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core-driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers, and promoted SPD business on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business.
Relevant people told reporters that at present, in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Selis's three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, Selis announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Medical Consumption Intensive Operation Platform and Daily Operation Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Traditional Chinese Hospital for a period of three years.
"In fact, Selis is vigorously expanding the SPD business, providing medical institutions with refined operation services such as centralized procurement, storage management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables, and obtaining long-term income."
The above-mentioned person said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Selis won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project" of Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital attached to the Medical College of Zhejiang University.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid has a very gold content. Shaw Yifu Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The successful implementation of the project in the future will also be an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, previously, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map basically completed the business area coverage of the country's provinces.
Now that Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital is in the next city in Zhejiang Province, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year Selis also laid out in industrial marijuana, blockchain technology and other emerging fields.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers serve National Day traffic travel.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their duties from the 28th to provide voluntary services at various points in Beijing until October 8.
Previously, the Beijing Leading Group for the Celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer headquarters. In the early period, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for colleges, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society. The field of voluntary service involved celebration conferences, party activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day parks and urban operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers carried out traffic guidance and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway stations in Beijing, including more than 300 major traffic hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" was finally released and set off from the Iranian port of Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
In the middle of last month, the authorities of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar just released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker "Steiner Empire" set off from the port of Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The Iranian Port and Shipping Organization of Hormuzgan Province confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made a formal and written commitment and that, despite the seizure of the ship, they did not have any claim.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the tanker Stena Empire, also said the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's ship tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker off the coast of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the tanker called Stena Impero in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said that all legal procedures required for the release of the Steiner Empire had been completed.
But Iran said the investigation was still ongoing.
Many Iranian media also released videos of the tanker's departure.
On July 19, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Navy detained a British oil tanker, the Steiner Empire, in the Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to the port of Abbas.
Iran's detained oil tanker Grace I left the waters off Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar seized the oil tanker Grace I carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of violating EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace I.
This afternoon, the thematic meeting on the inspection and rectification of undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the Provincial Committee, stressed the need to improve the political position, strengthen political responsibility, strictly and conscientiously do a good job in the examination and rectification of problems, and promote the high-quality development of Party building, thinking, reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wulan fully affirms the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out the education on the theme of "never forget the original intention and remember the mission" is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should in depth study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out the education on the theme of "never forget the original intention and remember the mission".
From the political height of strengthening the "four consciousness" achieving "two maintenance" and fulfilling the mission of the first heart, earnestly complete the prescribed actions of theme education, especially the series of issues examined by solid rectification, coordinate and do a good job in the work of school reform and development, and achieve "two mistakes and two promotion".
Wulan stressed that we should adhere to the inward direction of the knife, do a good job in the examination of the problems, according to the requirements of "four comparisons" "four to find one" find the correct problems of the standard checklist, open the way to solicit the opinions and suggestions of teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes from the point of view, then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard ways to solve the difficult problems.
We should adhere to the precise force, strengthen the real reform, and earnestly run the word "reform" throughout.
We should do a good job in the combination of thematic education and "Lide Tree Man" and other work, compile the responsibility for rectification, ensure that one problem does not fall, see the bottom, and ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We should adhere to addressing both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the cage of the system, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is governed by rules and regulations, and truly use the system to manage people's affairs.
Under the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in seriously examining and rectifying, take the lead in strictly regulating themselves at all times, give full play to the exemplary role of "key minorities" and strive to complete the tasks of thematic education inspection and rectification.
The responsible comrades of the Party committees of five colleges and universities, including Hunan University, and the responsible comrades of the relevant units of the province made speeches.
Delivery of "One Jiao has been" two ultra-high-pressure projects
On the 26th, the quasi-east to southern Anhui Province ± 1100 kV ultra-high voltage DC transmission project and the Sutong 1000 kV AC ultra-high voltage GIL integrated pipe corridor project were delivered.
Both projects occupy the commanding heights of the respective fields of transmission technology in the world. After delivery, they will greatly improve the large-scale optimization of energy allocation in our country.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the quasi-east to southern Anhui project is the transmission project with the largest power transmission capacity and the furthest transmission distance in the world.
Its delivery is of great significance to promote the development of Xinjiang energy base and ensure the supply of electricity in East China.
GIL, that is, gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipe Gallery Project has created the record of the highest global voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project, and realized the "AC double-loop network" closed-loop operation of the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power network.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance from the quasi-east to southern Anhui project is as long as 3324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is adopted, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost on the way, and the project has been developed, greatly raising the economic transmission distance to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the quasi-east to southern Anhui project is put into operation, 100 million degrees of electricity can be delivered every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help to solve the problem of the absorption of existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to the full load estimate, the annual transmission of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's electricity consumption throughout the year.
The Sutong GIL Integrated Pipe Gallery Project is a control project for the ultra-high voltage AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines are used to cross the river, it is necessary to build two giant towers of more than 450 meters on the surface of the Yangtze River, and to build an artificial island of more than four football fields for each tower.
To this end, the National Grid boldly innovated and developed a compact ultra-high voltage AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through a tunnel, avoiding the impact on the golden waterway.
Two projects have promoted a new leap in China's electrical equipment manufacturing capacity.
At present, the State Grid has cumulatively completed the "10-11 direct" ultra-high-voltage project, and "4-3 direct" is under construction.
SAFE: Continuous optimization of China's foreign debt structure and enhanced stability of foreign debt
"On the whole, China's foreign debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has been enhanced."
Wang Chunying, spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and chief economist, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above statement when the SAFE released the foreign debt data at the end of June 2019 on the same day.
The data show that by the end of June 2019, China's full-calibre (including domestic and foreign currency) foreign debt balance was US $1998 billion, an increase of US $26.3 billion over the end of March 2019, an increase of 1.3%, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, the increase of more than 70% of China's full-calibre foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic Renminbi bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the Central Bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term foreign debt increased by 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, and the share of local currency foreign debt increased by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with the inclusion of China's domestic Renminbi bonds in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, the recognition of China's bond market by international investors has further increased and continued to increase their holdings of domestic Renminbi bonds.
"China's balance of payments maintains an overall balance, and the risk of foreign debt is controllable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that the spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak of disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, first discovered the spodoptera frugiperda migrating from abroad. Subsequently, it was confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan. The spodoptera frugiperda also gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
The spodoptera frugiperda is an important long-distance migratory agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest warned by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, violent and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane and sorghum. It takes a large amount of food and can cause up to 70% of the yield loss.
The prevention and control is very difficult, and there are no registered pesticides to control the insect in China.
Since the spodoptera frugiperda migrated and invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences selected Chen Aidong researcher to lead the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences agricultural cross-border pests in collaboration with the green prevention and control provincial innovation team to go to the front line, investigate on the ground, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong's team has initially mastered the population characteristics of spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, drug toxicity and field prevention and control effect.
They have actively carried out the research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration zone has reached more than 90%. At the same time, they have reduced the use of chemical pesticides, protected natural enemy resources and ecological environment, and provided a technical guarantee for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak and sustainable management of the green night moth.
At present, Yunnan spodoptera frugiperda has been effectively prevented and controlled, which has not caused a large-scale outbreak of disaster, and the prevention and control work has achieved stage results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion, and break through the construction of biological control and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring network points and demonstration zones abroad in order to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capabilities of Yunnan spodoptera frugiperda.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of panda plus gold and silver commemorative coins at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins consists of 2, of which 1 gold commemorative coin and 1 silver commemorative coin are the legal tender of the People's Republic of China.
According to introduction, the front pattern of the set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Temple of Heaven Prayer Hall in Beijing, and the country name, year number and Chinese words "China International Import Expo" are published.
The back pattern of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda, with the words "8g Au.999" and "China International Import Expo" in English.
The back pattern of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda, with the words "30g Ag.999" and "China International Import Expo" in English.
According to introduction, 8 grams of round gold commemorative coins are universal coins, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, with a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
30 grams of round silver commemorative coins are universal coins, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, 10 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was cast by Shenyang Mint Co. Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China has embarked on a development path in line with national conditions
China News Service Beijing, September 27 (China State Council Information Office released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on September 27.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and move forward, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and made development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing" the continuous struggle of generations, and the hard work and sweat that others can't imagine; on the spirit of "carrying one's own burden" regardless of prosperity or adversity, do not export problems, do not pass on contradictions, do not develop oneself by buying, selling or plundering other countries; on the exploration spirit of "crossing the river with a stone" do not follow the old path of imperialism and colonialism, do not copy the development model of Western countries, but combine China's reality, summarize lessons learned and learn from human civilization, dare to try and walk out of one's own path.
According to the white paper, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's road is in line with China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times.
China takes practical actions to maintain world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not actively provoked any war or conflict, and has not occupied an inch of the land of other countries.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The root cause is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
This is a path established from the country's national conditions, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up and governing the country in an all-round way.
China has a huge size, complex national conditions, and the difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper said that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and changes. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up, becoming rich to becoming strong, and is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright development prospects as the times move forward.
Textile representatives of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Textile Merchandising Declaration.
At the 2019 Second World Cloth Merchant Conference, held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, on the 27th, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Textile Merchandising Declaration.
The declaration pointed out that, looking to the future, the countries concerned adhere to open coordination, science and technology-driven and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
This World Cloth Merchants Conference gathered about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win cooperation of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division of labour pattern, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsible development, and the development concept of "science and technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "In order for the industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it needs the active participation of textile people around the world, their respective strengths and the sharing of benefits."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Textile Merchandising Declaration, which jointly elaborated the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Textile Merchandising Declaration points out that, looking to the future, the countries concerned will adhere to openness and coordination, continuously promote industrial and market connectivity, and jointly raise the level of development of the industrial chain; will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capabilities of the industry; will take cohesive fashion change, give full play to the role of textiles and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the World Textile Merchandising Declaration will help all countries to jointly improve the development level of the textile industry chain and achieve the sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei mentioned, for example, that the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers has more than 130 high-end local clothing brands. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end clothing products, while Koqiao has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this cloth conference, we also look forward to establishing contacts with Koqiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Cloth Merchants Conference, Keqiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, it is gradually building a new pattern of internal upgrading and opening up to the outside world with its unique textile industry chain, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, party secretary of Keqiao District, said that Keqiao will use the cloth conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The central parity rate of RMB measured by Reuters is expected to open at 460 points near 7.0883 yuan.
According to the calculation of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the central parity rate of the RMB against the US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a devaluation of about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the RMB closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the central parity rate was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, of today's changes in the central parity rate, 586 points fall reflects the impact of market supply and demand, another 27 points fall reflects the points needed for a basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight, and 460 points rise reflects the impact of "counter-cyclical factors".
Reuters estimated that the central parity rate of RMB against the US dollar last day was 7.0947 yuan, a deviation of 218 points from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
Last day, Reuters estimated that the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the tallest building in northern China, was completed and created more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model, which won the Global Excellence Award in the global engineering construction industry, developed by the Project Department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of the China Construction Bureau.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The total building area of the project is 390,000 square meters, with 4 floors underground and 100 floors above the ground. The building height is 530 meters, covering A-class offices, luxury apartments, ultra-five-star hotels, etc., and will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex when completed.
The relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of the China Construction Eighth Bureau introduced that the amount of steel used in the whole project exceeds 70,000 tons, the high-altitude group is about 376,000 meters equivalent to the height of 42.5 Zhumurama peaks, the use of welding wire can circle the earth 40 times, the number of steel components is 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components, including the world's largest single-layer elliptical cross-section steel pipe column with a distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project are unprecedented.
Industry insiders say that Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is the first to implement building information model (BIM) management in all aspects of skyscraper projects already built or under construction throughout the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three-complete BIM application" model with full staff participation, full professional application and whole process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and correct verification and then carried out physical construction, thus eliminating the problems that may arise in the construction of previous construction projects.
In 2017, the BIM innovation results of the Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Master Collection and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award.
In the course of the construction of the project, the project department created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project and the promotion of scientific and technological innovation have not only achieved one-time excellence in all complex and numerous construction links, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the press office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau on the 27th that at 15: 30 on that day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand joint patrol and law enforcement on the Mekong River successfully docked at China's Guanlei Port, marking the successful end of the joint patrol and law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanlei Port on the 24th. It lasted 4 days and 3 nights. A total of 136 law enforcement personnel and 6 law enforcement boats were sent from the four countries.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols and anti-drug publicity activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Lao Ban Xiangguo and Meng Mo.
In addition, China also sent a team of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border companies of the Lao People's Army to exchange police actual combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response ability of law enforcement personnel from both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
The four countries also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other of the recent situation of border management, the fight against drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, to hold consultations and exchanges on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and to reach a consensus; and to hold cultural and sports exchange activities among the four countries to carry out competition projects such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, so as to effectively enhance mutual understanding among law enforcement personnel and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Corps of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said that after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and sub-section joint patrol mission to raise the alarm rate of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The commander of Thailand said that since the launch of the joint patrol and law enforcement on the Mekong River, the four countries have had close exchanges, deepened practical cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in many areas such as law enforcement, security cooperation and cultural exchange.
We hope that the four-party law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries and make new contributions to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition to reaching any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program on the 25th.
The Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement reached with the United States on Iran's "missile power" will damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders support improving the missile program.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement in order to limit Iran's weapons programs and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the margins of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
After the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to participate in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi as Head of Review
The film "Under the White Cloud" directed by Wang Rui, a professor at the Beijing Film Academy, as the only Chinese-language film, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Golden Kirin Award, the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui, who is "full of peaches and plums". It tells the story of a couple of ordinary Mongolian herdsmen who live in a certain predicament due to the different pursuit of life. It is starring Mongolian actors Ji Rimutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two global premiere activities during this film festival. The release dates are October 31 and November 3 respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year in Roppongi, Ribiya and other venues in Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the festival held a press conference and officially announced the list of films competing for the Golden Kirin Award, the "Asian Future" unit, the "Special Hospitality Works" Japan Cinema Splash, "World Focus and other units.
The person in charge of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese participating film "Under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi served as the chairman of the international judge of the main competition unit of the film festival.
The "Asian Future" unit has 3 Chinese-language films
In a series of units of the Tokyo International Film Festival, its important position is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although only eight films were shortlisted, six fewer than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong were shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Mai Lu Man" directed by Huang Qingxun, starring film emperor Guo Fucheng and film queen Miriam Yang, and one mainland film is "Summer Night Knight" directed by You Xing.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film "Ice Peak Storm", directed by Yu Fei and starring Guangji, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be released at this film festival as a "special hospitality work".
Alice Hiroase, the spokesman for the film festival and the "goddess" was absent from the press conference for any reason and delivered a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yukang Ando, who just took office in August this year, the director of the film festival, Takahiro Kumatsu, and the person in charge of the film selection of each unit, spoke on the stage and introduced the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, the opening film, the 50th work of the "Tora-san" series, "Tora-san's Story: Welcome Back" director Yoji Yamada, two Japanese film directors shortlisted for the main competition unit, Tetsuka ("Baropola"), Ashiri Gentry ("Comedy Love Wife Story"), as well as the famous dramatist and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to tell the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury lineup of the main competition unit is composed of five people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noor and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Image Market), held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, was held at the Ikebao Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24. A record 401 groups will set up exhibition booths this year, especially 90 from China, a sharp increase of 6.4 times compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22 of the opening day as "CHINA DAY", held a number of lectures, seminars, etc., and invited Japanese director Hiroshi Ishii to participate in related activities. The welcome dinner that evening was also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Expansion project of Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base started
Xinhua News Agency Chengdu, September 27 (reporter Li Qianwei) enriches the theme tourism routes of panda culture, and the panda base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The expansion project of the "Panda Planet" and the panda breeding research base officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned and built in Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built in Chengdu is composed of three areas: Beihu District, Dujiangyan District and Longquanshan District, with an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecological and cultural value of giant pandas with the construction of a beautiful and livable park city in Chengdu to create an ecological home for giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake area, covering an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form the regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X".
One core attraction is the renovation and expansion project of the giant panda breeding research base; N cultural tourism consumption scenes are created, namely Panda Town, Free Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; X regional basic supporting facilities.
After the renovation and expansion of the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu, generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site, where people and animals share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 pandas and their associated animals (small pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the report of the Central Radio and Television China Voice News and Newspaper Abstract, in recent days, many international dignitaries and envoys from various countries congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and spoke highly of the development achievements of New China and its important significance to global development.
In an interview with a reporter from the China Media Group, Malian President Keita said that he had visited China many times. China's development achievements in the past 70 years were amazing and benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world, bringing the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and bless China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25th), ambassadors to China and representatives of international organizations in China from more than 130 countries visited the "Great Process and Brilliant Achievements - Large-scale Achievement Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: Seeing first-hand the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, there has been too much progress.
In addition, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held a variety of activities in recent days to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent sincere blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would launch the trial operation of the unmanned "Level 4" fully self-driving taxi team Robotaxi on a specific road in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Pony Zhixing also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded everywhere.
Since 26, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a special website.
There is a "safety officer" on the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road provided for trial operation is 50 kilometers by the end of 2019 and is planned to be extended to 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the pure electric vehicle "Hongqi EV" of China FAW Group, equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Program" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program includes more than 150 enterprises such as German Volkswagen, German Daimler, American Ford Motor, American Intel, American Microsoft and American Invida.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest service provider announced a plan to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai this year.
China's self-driving development competition may become more intense.
Taiwanese scholars suggest: "Uncertain era" Taiwan businessmen need to keep up with the development of mainstream industries in the mainland
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Forum" was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
Many Taiwanese representatives and scholars were invited to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Management Institute in Taipei and co-sponsored by Qunyi Jinding Securities, the Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Fellowship and other organizations.
The two-day meeting was divided into transformation and upgrading models, management strategies and other seminars, which were attended by more than 100 people.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Management Institute in Taipei, said that the trade friction between China (mainland China) and the United States continued, and Taiwan faced an "uncertain era".
He believes that Taiwan businessmen need to keep pace with the times, keep abreast of the mainstream industries developed on the mainland, and pay special attention to innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwan businessmen attached importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above-mentioned conditions for Taiwan businessmen are no longer enough at present.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and pay attention to extended services and living product services.
In addition, "service value added" is also a new area that Taiwan can vigorously develop.
During the speech session of the representative of Taiwan businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwan Yayi Electronics Co. Ltd. from Guangdong, introduced that Yayi Electronics had caused operational difficulties due to the sharp decline in orders. The group began to improve its business situation from adjusting its structure and revitalizing its assets.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue after taking away the traditional electrical appliance business, transforming automotive electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Helios (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd. suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is no more than six factors: poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery, few varieties and integrity. As long as these six points are solved, together with the timely transformation of production lines and the expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Management Institute in Taipei, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operation center is located in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwanese and Cross-Straits Contribution Award".
New rules to solicit opinions: social capital needs to be qualified to obtain rural land management rights
Social capital needs to be qualified to obtain rural land management rights
"Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" Public Consultation to supervise the transfer of social capital such as enterprises to obtain land management rights
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs website published a notice on the "Management Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Revised Draft for Consultation)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft for Consultation"), which increased the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of industrial and commercial capital to obtain land management rights.
The Draft Opinion will now be open to the public for comment.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly revised Law on Land Contract in Rural Areas, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "separation of three rights" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" which formed the "Draft Opinions".
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that there were many important changes to the Draft Opinion published for the first time.
The newly revised Law on Land Contract in Rural Areas clarifies the scope of land transfer and implements the concept of "separation of three rights". Special sections set up "land contract management rights" and "land management rights" respectively, making a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange of land contract management rights and the transfer of land management rights (rental, subcontracting, equity or other means).
In this "Opinions Draft" in order to implement the concept of "separation of three rights" effectively respond to the main thrust of the amendment of the Law on Land Contract in Rural Areas, and take into account the great differences between the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights in terms of parties, procedures and supervision, this revised draft defines the scope of circulation, focusing on the transfer of land management rights, including rental, equity, etc., and amends the name of the regulations from the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" to the "Measures for the Administration of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights".
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be regulated by separate management measures.
The Draft Opinion points out that under the background of "separation of three rights" farmers only take a stake in the right to land management for a certain period of time.
Theoretically, even if there is bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing their management rights for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is not necessary in jurisprudence to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of farmers losing land, methods such as preferred shares, first rental and then repurchase have emerged in practice.
Considering that the preferred stock has a mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested that it be used as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of losing land.
