State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises have entered the old revolutionary district of Minnan.
September 26-27, in order to deepen the expansion of the "don't forget the beginning, keep in mind the mission" theme of education achievements, the Central Military-Civilian Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, the National Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized "state-owned enterprises and the advantages of private enterprises into the old area of the southern Fujian Revolution" research activities, revisit the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inherit the red gene, carry out the needs of relevant enterprises and the city of Zhangzhou to accelerate the development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, executive deputy director of the Central Military-Civilian Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, vice-minister of the Central Committee of the United Front, secretary of the Party Group of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, director of the State Administration of National Defense Science and Technology, and Li Weijun, deputy secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Committee, participated in the investigation.
Participating in the research activities of enterprises are China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd. and other 8 military industry group, Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute and other 10 private enterprises, such as the Group, such as 15 advantages of private enterprises.
In the meantime, the researchers visited the Memorial Park at the starting point of the Central Red Army Long March, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, accepted the revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult course of the Red Army Long March period, conducted on-site research on 7 enterprises and a testing center in Zhangzhou City, held a special symposium, reached 8 cooperation projects and signed on-site.
At the symposium on the research activities, Zhangzhou Introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tian and Defense Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd., respectively, on behalf of the military industry group, private enterprises, private enterprises, local enterprises, said that they will continue to strengthen the state-owned enterprises, the advantages of private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Zhangzhou City demand docking work, gradually broaden the field of cooperation, to promote industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the old revolutionary areas to achieve high-quality development.
Through this research activity, we further understand the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary district of Minnan, clarify the key tasks of economic and social development of the old revolutionary district at this stage, strengthen the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people and the officers to start a business, and promote the transfer mode, adjustment structure, benefit the people's livelihood of the central Soviet region of Minnan, and promote the quality of economic development, efficiency change and power change.
Beijing market regulators to carry out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival Commodity prices basically stable
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Reporter Du Yan) in order to strengthen the pre-festival market supervision and enforcement, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau on the eve of the National Day to check all kinds of business entities more than 2000 households.
The inspection showed that the market sales of grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg and milk and other necessities of life supply is sufficient, commodity prices are basically stable, no serious violations of laws and regulations were found, the market operating order is generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, the Bureau in the city to carry out "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" activities, key areas, focus on key areas, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food, medicine, business and other elements, full-link law enforcement inspection, comprehensive norms of market order.
According to the introduction, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, business and other five law enforcement teams coordinated, closely cooperate, led by the heads of law enforcement agencies, group on the random selection of some of the operating entities to carry out joint law enforcement inspection.
During the inspection, law enforcement officials focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other content sewage inspection.
Regional market supervision bureaus also simultaneously organized joint law enforcement inspection, a total of more than 1600 law enforcement officers, inspection of various types of business entities more than 2000 households, inspection shows that the market sales of grain and oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other necessities of life supply sufficient, commodity prices are basically stable, operators can abide by the law, did not find serious violations of the law, the market operating order is generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said that during the National Day period will strengthen emergency watch, continue to carry out inspection and inspection of the market, quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision issues in accordance with the law, to the public reflect the illegal business activities, once verified, will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the law, and effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Contest at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia was announced
With the 70th anniversary of New China as the theme of "China in my heart" Chinese essay contest was announced and held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia on the 26th.
Chinese Embassy in Cambodia diplomat Zhong Xiaofa, cambodian-Chinese Council representatives, The President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia Wei Siwei and other honoring the award."
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese president of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Cambodia, the competition lasted two months and was contested by Cambodian students, secondary school students (including specialized students) and university students (including members of the community).
Zhong Xiaofa, a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, awarded the award certificate to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group separately, invited Cambodia's senior Chinese experts to form a jury, through the initial evaluation, review, final evaluation and other links, the final selection of the university group first prize 1, 2, 3, 10 outstanding prize;
Lin Weicai, a first prize winner in the university group, said that learning Chinese for 15 years had had a huge impact on him.
Through the essay contest, it is to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" in words and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia, and hope that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the sino-Cambodian friendship.
Pictured are guests and winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, there is a different excitement to have the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in the heart" and win the prize through the chinese characters of his ancestral country.
Organizers said that through the competition, not only to create a positive atmosphere of Sino-Cambodian relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese to study in China.
Iran has begun using advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers, the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said in a report released Tuesday.
According to foreign media reports, the IAEA reported that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Iran is in tatters after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last May and imposed sanctions on the country.
Under the agreement, Iran can only use the first-generation IR-1 centrifuges to extract uranium.
Other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage it, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Japan's Kyodo news agency, local time on the afternoon of the 25th, Japanese Foreign Minister Mahimmin held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in New York, confirmed that the four northern islands (Japan-Russia disputed islands, Japan and Russia, the "Northern Four Islands", Russia called the "South Kuril Islands" ) territorial issues, including the conclusion of peace treaties, in a wide range of political, economic and other areas to develop bilateral relations, the two sides also reached an agreement on the coordination of Maomu's early visit to Russia.
This is the first consultation with Russia since Mao mu became foreign minister and was the head of negotiations on the conclusion of a peace treaty.
Maomu told the Russian side that " including the promotion of common economic activities ( on the four northern islands ) , and he hopes to carry out practical consultations . "
According to the Government of Japan, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit in December 2018, the two foreign ministers confirmed their approach to accelerating negotiations as heads of state.
During the talks, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Maomu said it looked forward to the pilot tourism business scheduled for October : " Hope to be successfully implemented , and contribute to the next step . " "
In addition, the talks confirmed that Lavrov will co-operate with the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya in November.
Tuionetoa has been elected Tonga's new Prime Minister.
Nuku'alofa news: The South Pacific island nation's Tongan Parliament on the 27th elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning Poshiwa Tuionetoa as Tonga's new prime minister, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Poshiwa, who died of illness earlier this month.
Tonga's parliament is a unicameral parliament consisting of 26 members of parliament, according to the website of MATANGI, The country's main media outlet.
In the day's parliamentary vote, Tuionetoa won 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Semysika.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a separation of powers of administration, legislation and the judiciary.
Tuionetoa is also subject to the king's appointment.
The next Tonga parliamentary elections will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team won two games in a row in the case of the opponent back to a city, and finally with 3:1 Rick Holland, ushered in a nine-game winning streak.
The World Cup is nearing the end of the schedule, although the defending in sight, but against Serbia, the Chinese women's volleyball team still can not be taken lightly.
In the first two games against the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball team's performance was as strong as ever, with 25:19, 25:16 to go down to the first two cities, until the third game, the team encountered a setback.
The Dutch women in the backward situation to strengthen the attack of the ball, the Chinese team a pass was affected, coupled with the girls attack heart, mistakes also began to increase, and finally with 21:25 by the opponent back to a city.
After the game Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third game, because of the mistake we sent about 8 points." "
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated, the Chinese women's volleyball before the game also made difficult preparations, although lost a game, but everything is still in Lang Ping's grasp, " and the strong team to win or lose the game is normal, play five games is also normal, so we said to the players to focus, " Lang Ping said.
In the fourth inning, the players actively adjust the state, Zhang Changning in the offensive end of the firepower all open, a single game to get 8 points, for the team to win a great job.
So far, the 11 rounds of confrontation is now only two rounds, although the Chinese women's volleyball has touched the championship trophy, but against the Netherlands team did sound the alarm bell for the Chinese women:the more critical the moment, the more to go all out.
In the other match on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball team played five games, the United States team failed to take all three points from the opponent, so that the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against Serbia to take all three points, can advance to the first round to achieve the defending.
All kinds of things are moving towards the favorable situation of the Chinese women's volleyball.
However, although the Serbian team's six main teams are missing, but this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the current form of the points table, the Serbian team has been basically no medal, which means that they can play against the Chinese women's volleyball match "lightly on the line", put down the burden to fully impact the opponent, while the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship, the state may be ups and downs.
In addition, the substitute Sedas are not "slaughter" lambs, previously with the Netherlands, the two sides in five games, Serbia's second team finally 3:2 reversed the Dutch full-back line-up, which can be seen the depth of its lineup.
Before the start of the third stage of the game, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams are not good to deal with: "Osaka's game will be very difficult, we still have to continue to prepare carefully." "
Now that the horn of the defending title has been blown, the game has really entered the "white heat stage".
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team are above the opponent, but the last moment, but also to see whether the girls can play the normal level, in the arena to release themselves.
The University of Macau today (27) held the "Second Macau Stem Cell Seminar" to attract more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao to engage in the field of "external stem cell" research, and share and discuss the latest technologies and developments in stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Australia( Research) Ge Wei said that stem cell research has medical value and is one of the key research projects of the University of Australia, and that the seminar will help promote research and development in the field of stem cells in Macao.
Mr Ge said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao, The University of Australia was committed to building a talent training base and science and technology innovation center for the West Bank of the Great Eras to help the Development of Innovation and Development in the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology that will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
The dean of the Australian Institute of Health Sciences, Deng Early Xia, said that in recent years, the University of Australia has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation, in the number and quality of papers have also significantly improved, the University of Australia in stem cell research has also achieved fruitful results.
At the conference, a group of well-known scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of the School of Primate Translational Medicine at Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture systems to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro;
Xu Renhe, Vice Dean (Research) of the Australian Academy of Health sciences, Chen Guokai, Assistant Dean, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Australian Institute of Chinese Medicine, also presented their latest important results.
The 2nd Macao Stem Cell Seminar was organized by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-organized by the Institute of Chinese Medicine of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory for Quality Research of the Macao University of Science and Technology, and attended by Chen Xiang'an, Acting Senior Manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund.
The seminar featured 11 academic reports on embryonic development and tissue generation, translational medicine, mechanism research and translational applications of stem cells, biomaterials and applications.
The atmosphere was lively, with participants actively discussing and sharing the latest research and ideas on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for exchanges and cooperation between stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony for the award of the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the National Honorary Title will be held in a grand ceremony.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the award of the National Medal and National Honorary Title of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State Council and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the Medal of the Republic, the Order of Friendship and the National Honorary Title medal and deliver an important speech to the Recipients of the National Medal of National Honor.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony for the award of the National Medal and National Honorary Title of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the Order of the Republic.
"Republic Medal" to red, gold as the main color, the chapter body using the national emblem, five-pointed stars, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, peaks, peony and other elements, the chapter chain using Chinese knots, like, orchids and other elements, the overall use of cold-pressure molding, silk mosaic, enamel and other craft production, symbolizing the medal recipients for the Republic's great contribution to the construction and development, salute the country's highest honor, bless the prosperity of the motherland, meaning that the people of all ethnic groups to unite the Chinese nation's great national dream.
This is the Order of Friendship.
"Friendship Medal" to gold, blue as the main color, the chapter body uses peace doves, earth, handshakes, lotus and other elements, chapter chain using Chinese knots, young people, peony, jade, orchids and other elements, the overall use of silk mosaic, silk and other traditional crafts hand-made, symbol of Chinese people and people of all countries friendly unity, friendship, wish the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Honorary Medal.
National honorary title medal to red, gold as the main color, the chapter body using five-star, Tiananmen, peony, flag, light and other elements, chapter chain using Chinese knots, flowers and other elements, the overall use of cold-pressure molding, silk mosaic, silk and other craft production, symbolizing the national honorary title recipients in various fields of major contributions, highlighting the role of demonstration leadership, to inspire the people of all ethnic groups not to forget the first heart, remember the mission, to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and make unremitting efforts.
The Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhuanet will broadcast the award ceremony live, and will be broadcast simultaneously by the People's Daily, CCTV, China Net and other central key news websites and new media platforms such as the People's Daily Client, Xinhua News Agency client and CCTV News Client.
Speaking at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , Stoltenberg said : " For 70 years , NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological advantages . " "
But times are changing, he says.
Stoltenberg said: "We are facing more and more competition.
Therefore, we should now redouble our efforts to be sure that no one will surpass us . "
" Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members , but in dictatorships , " he said .
Chinese companies are working on 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said NATO's future security "depends on its ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technologies."
On September 24 , " A ferry ticket to take me to see" Love and Disability Event was held in Changsha Orange Island Head , where more than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star Cruise Ship to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China .
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who attended the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a disabled person who rarely goes out because of his mobility problems on both feet.
He said : Today for the first time on a cruise ship , to see the waves of the Xiangjiang River up close , to feel the pulse of Changsha's development , the mood is very excited , unforgettable . "
Volunteers from the Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team in Changsha City provide a nuanced service for people with disabilities.
Volunteers carry them on to and from cruise ships, especially for those with severe physical disabilities.
Fukang Social Work Service Center, the relevant person in charge said that in the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, changsha City' cause of the disabled has been developing and progressing continuously, more and more disabled people have become participants, contributors and enjoyers of social and economic development, caring for the disabled, caring for and supporting the cause of the disabled has gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary, the media spotlight of all the way burst sharply, so that many of the images we usually do not remember, glittering - it is them, for our shining days, silk wisp of heat, bring light source ... ...
However, if the hero walks around, it also seems ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping, dedicated to rice research, breeding good seeds all over the world, so that more than a billion people do not have the risk of hunger and frustration, the great success, this ong is usually like an old farmer who likes to head in the fields; A person, a lifetime, a pot, a lifetime only do one thing, in the deep mountains of Guizhou gnawing cold bread, and the old man in the cottage is no different; Against a messy white hair, talking about learning to the heart, like to laugh, Qin Yi, red half of the sky of the film artist, over ninety years old, but also in order to arrange the scene in the plateau every day bump six or seven hours, but also happy to dress up in the "Ghost cat" an unknown old girl ... ... ...
They, benevolent, live simple, simple and persistent, as long as immersed in the outside of the unknown and they are self-interested in the cause, it is easy to live happily, not care about the name of Lisso, rich and prosperous.
Like Jin Yong's novel, Shaolin Temple tibetan by the cabinet of the sweeping monk, although the world's martial arts, not dazzling, no joy and sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red heart, behind a give me who's home country to assume.
Home country to assume, not only in the shoulder of the hero, but also in the palm of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, a female high school student's words, by the netizen crazy turn, " when the hero passed by, there must always be someone sitting on the side of the road clapping ... ... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be someone who sits on the side of the road clapping. "
In fact, when the hero and give the hero applause, is not contradictory.
Roadside clappers, also in the transmission of heat and light, their own is also a glowing body.
Ordinary as you like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are some moments, there is a accumulation of time, but also in shaping the hero's appearance.
Shanghai's outstanding judge Yu Bihua, shouldering the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, but in the annual meeting to let the communication room teacher master on stage to tell his own story, a year sent and received numerous newspaper letters, from error-free, "to do a good job of simple things, is not simple", Yu Bihua led the judges to give applause to the "sweeping monk"-style old.
It's a pity between heroes, one hero applauding another.
Sweeping monks have Shaolin Temple Tibetan Pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, NanRendong has "Sky Eye", Qin Yi has a stage, Zhou Yichang has a pulpit ... ... Whether you can be a hero, not only rely on their own efforts, but also have a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China's Skyeye", now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological community was still struggling to climb, and the novelist Liu Cixin had yet to write "The Three Body".
The most cattle "eye" at that time was the one-sided radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico , the United States , with a diameter of 350 meters , considered to be the most " incomparable " in the world .
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope, the diameter of one-tenth of the other people.
In Japan, while enjoying world-class scientific research conditions and salaries, Nan Rendong insisted on returning home, bringing back a near-crazy idea: to build a new generation of radio "big telescopes" in China, to receive more messages from outer space!
China's waste to be happy ah, invest a lot of money to play with the stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong , and the "Sky Eye" project opened.
It took 12 years for the site to be completed, and the project was completed for another 9 years.
With the 500-meter -caliber "Skyeye" open, China has made an unprecedented, "world-unique scientific project".
Therefore, "the eyes of the sky" is great, the South Rendong people are great, there is a big, standing high-looking republic is great.
With the trust of the country, the goodwill of the people, The South Rendong side has a chance to become the soul of the soul of the people's liver and bile.
There are young talent, white-haired hero akind walk, there are people on the roadside gently clapped, such a country, very beautiful very harmonious.
Garbage classification education first into Jilin kindergarten environmental protection concept from the doll grasp
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, held a garbage classification education class, teaching young children to distinguish recyclable waste and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification into the local early childhood education classroom.
Recently, jilin province nine departments jointly issued the "Jilin Province to promote the local level of urban household waste classification work programme."
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot project of compulsory classification of household waste in Changchun City, the province decided to carry out household waste classification work in the city at the local level.
Jilin is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, to achieve the child-driven family, kindergarten to drive the effect of society, and promote the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Liyuan, executive director of the Hi Faner International Kindergarten, which organized the event, said.
On the same day, the director read out the environmental protection initiative, hoping that the garbage classification from the children to start.
After performing the "Low Carbon Babe" dance, the children went into a garbage sorting game in groups.
Instructors have also issued "recyclable" and "other trash" tags, advising children to stick the label stoic stoking the label on to the trash can and recording a video.
Liu Liyuan introduced that the kindergarten has been advocating low-carbon, green environmental protection concept, regularly opened environmental protection lecture hall.
A sortable garbage can has also been set up at the garbage drop-off area of the park, with the drop category marked on it.
Teacher teaches children what recyclable waste is
According to preliminary statistics, Jilin Province in 2018 the amount of municipal household waste generated about 5.4652 million tons, all into the household waste disposal site for treatment.
Among them, the sanitary landfill 3.2929 million tons, incinerated 209.23 million tons, the use of comprehensive utilization process treatment 801 million tons.
After years of efforts, the province's cities and counties have a harmless processing capacity for domestic waste.
The "Jilin Province to promote the local level of urban household waste classification work programme", clearly requires to carry out in-depth garbage classification into the campus, into teaching materials, into the classroom and other activities, through the creation of garbage classification songs, ballads, comics, micro-videos and other works, to strengthen the interaction between students and parents, to "educate a child, affect a family, drive a community, cultivate a new generation" effect.
Mazda's global sales in August were 117,015, according to data released on September 27th.
Sales in China fell by 21 % due to the lack of new vehicles and lower price reductions .
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6 % , and demand for the last bus before the october consumer tax increase was limited .
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 also decreased by 13 % over the previous year , and sales continued to decline .
Sales of the CX-4, China's main SUV, fell by 14 %.
The "CX-4" has been on the market for a long time since then, and the new car has declined.
Reducing price reductions due to a long-term strategy to increase brand value is also known to have a significant impact on sales.
Mazda's U.S. sales rose 7 percent year-on-year to 27,482 vehicles, up 14 months from a year earlier.
Sales in August were one day more than the previous year, and sales of sUVs such as the CX-5 increased, together with "enhanced promotional activities" ( Mazda).
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6 % to 14,422 vehicles .
The company said the rush to buy ahead of the tax increase was "not as high as it was last time.
Sales of small cars such as Demio have declined.
Chirac's death, political legacy.
On the 26th, the former French President Jacques Chirac died suddenly, aged 86.
At a time when the world is in a century of unturned change, the French politician's many political legacies left in power are still worthy of our praise.
Mr Chirac has been French president for 12 years in a charismatic manner.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Charles de Gaulleism, but also firmly supported European integration, and was the representative figure of the pursuit of the "European dream".
At the same time, he is also a strong advocate of multipolarity and multilateralism in the world, is a strategic vision of the politician.
That is why the French media described him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's relishing political decisions was his opposition to the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined forces with Germany to resist American pressure and walk in the forefront of the anti-war.
A year after the war broke out, he predicted that the war in Iraq would lead to an increase in terrorist activity and make the world more dangerous.
It turned out that Chirac's warning was correct.
At a time when European integration is in tatout and The unilateralism of the United States is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choice on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightenment significance.
Mr Chirac is also a French politician who has made Chinese familiar and kind.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of Sino-French relations, and after being first elected president of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with a strategic vision of politicians.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's reign, bilateral trade between China and France grew rapidly, and bilateral cooperation in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transportation and other fields made breakthrough progress.
The Year of Chinese-French Culture, initiated by Chirac, has created a new model of cultural exchange in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love of Chinese culture was particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who are understood to be his, Chirac can carry some of Li Bai and Du Fu's poems, and even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"Don't look at the pyramids is not really to Egypt, don't look at Qin Qi really to China" - this gold sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency , Chirac said : The West has concerns about China's political and social development , the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political position in the world .
But I have confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is enough to help it build its ideas and values for harmonious development and to assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that China's revival will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich it.
The Sass have gone, but the political legacy and revelations that Chirac left to the world will live on.
The 7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference, with the theme of "Counting The Valley of Digital And Wise For the Future", was opened in Wuhan on the 27th, with nearly a thousand experts and industry leaders in the field of big data research, paying attention to big data hot research issues, and interpreting the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
Hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF), the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, the conference organized 5 guest reports and 188 forum reports, and established 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss the results of research on the basic theory of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology.
CCF Big Data Conference to strengthen the contact and exchange between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data, promote multidisciplinary cross-integration and the development of the big data industry for the purpose, after 7 sessions, has developed into a scientific research results exchange-oriented, the most influential big data academic conference, the content of the conference extended to basic theory, technology applications and other fields.
Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council Establishment Members Co-signed Up against US Hong Kong-related Bill
Some members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region issued a joint statement on the 27th expressing strong opposition to the passage of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Bill 2019 by the Foreign Affairs Committees of the House and Senate of the United States Congress.
The statement, co-signed by 40 members of the establishment, said that Hong Kong's current rights were conferred by the Basic Law of the HKSAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs zone, and concluding and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements in the name of "Hong Kong, China", in different areas such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has been strictly adhering to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, doing business with different countries and regions, and participating in cooperation in many related fields.
The statement said that the move by the Foreign Affairs Committee of the U.S. House and Senate to pass the relevant bill is not necessary, but only in response to the call of its agents to the scourge of Hong Kong, as a means of gross interference in Hong Kong's internal affairs and for its agents to win political leverage in Hong Kong.
Members of the establishment group expressed deep regret and strong opposition to the move by the United States.
Hong Kong is an important trading partner and largest source of trade surplus for the United States, the statement said.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, it will, in addition to undermining the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, will make The Sino-US relations worse, without any benefit to others.
The statement said Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the "one country, two systems" policy, continue to enjoy the rights enshrined in the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Hong Kong will continue to make its due contribution to the international community and international trade, whether in the past, now or in the future.
The two houses of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week, the European Times reported Tuesday.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently said that France can not "accept everyone " , but at the same time also strive to " properly accept " .
The report said Macron was trying to find a compromise on immigration, slowing the upcoming debate.
In a recent interview during the general debate at the General Assembly in New York, Macron said he hoped there would be a "two-pronged" approach to immigration policy that would strike a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Macron said : " If France wants to accept (immigrants) properly , it cannot accept everyone , " Macron said .
Macron cites four priorities in immigration policy: granting asylum status as soon as possible to refugees in need of protection; promoting more efficient integration of migrants; receiving and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement of those who enter France illegally and are not suitable for stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the National Medical Assistance (AME) system has been the most discussed topic of all time.
Mr Macron said he wanted to "assess" the system, but not to abolish it, but to impose restrictions.
Following Macron's comments, Le Pen, leader of the far-right National Alliance, tweeted that Macron's comments were "empty talk."
The president of the Senate, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "detente" but "realistic" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Mr Varoual, a left-wing Socialist lawmaker, said France should "accept more and better" on immigration and criticised Mr Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
Reported that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Act has been enacted for a year, it has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time failed to appease the right-wing opposition.
The topic of immigration policy will again be the focus of far-right attacks in the next 2022 election, and Macron needs to do something about it, but at the same time risk angering the left within the ruling party.
The lower house of the French National Assembly is reportedto debate immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "buy-back tide", many listed companies have come up with "real money" to buy back the company's shares.
According to the statistics of financial data service provider Oriental Wealth , as of the 27th , the total amount of repurchases of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan ( RMB , the same below ) , far exceeding the data for the same period in previous years , and set a record amount of A-share repurchase funds .
In this regard, Shanghai Mei Kerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd. Chairman Xu Yang said that this year, the overall valuation of the A-share market is low, with a relatively low price to buy back shares, is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, but also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow, is conducive to boosting investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system, but also promote listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued the Regulations on The Repurchase of Shares of Listed Companies, which provided detailed rules and guidelines for share repurchases for listed companies.
According to media statistics, since this year, the implementation of the repurchase program has been implemented by listed companies mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, real estate industry, information technology industry and electronic equipment manufacturing.
In addition, from the amount of repurchase payments, this year, there are six listed companies to buy back the amount of more than 1 billion yuan.
At the top of the list is Yili's shares, which have a buyback of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will listed companies' share buybacks have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, vice dean of the School of Finance and Finance at Chinese Min University, told China News Agency that the repurchase shows, on the one hand, that listed companies have strong economic strength and a better financial position, the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence, on the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, responsible for the market and responsible to investors.
The former is based on the company's good business performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have a high quality.
For capital markets, this is the most central element of the foundation.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is helpful to boost investor confidence and support the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities Research Report, according to the a-share listed companies since the beginning of this year set the overall number of expected share buybacks, as well as the average share buyback transaction price calculation, this year's share buyback for the A-share market to bring incremental funds is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
In nearly two months, the national key cultural protection unit Tianjin Tiangong large-scale mural "Tiantian Holy Map" restoration work ended on the 26th, will be re-opened during this year's National Day.
The "Sacred Map of the Day" is a large-scale traditional mural that fully reflects the life of Mazu.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, Cai Changkui, director of the former Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tiangong Palace), was drawn from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted in the Temple of the Tiangong south, the north palace wall, a total length of 32 meters, 2.6 meters high, divided into two parts, with the birth of the day, ride the sea, feathered sky and other more than 30 stories, 358 characters reproduced The life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin summer rainy, dry winter, this "wet one dry" led to the mural rupture, the rupture part accounted for 60 percent of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Ancient Culture Street Management Committee and the Tiangong Palace of Nankai District of Tianjin City have initiated the restoration project of the Temple and The Temple of the Tiangong.
The restoration project, led by Cai Changkui, invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work in line with the 'old as old' principle, but also the original mural made a partial adjustment, the mural originally not perfect place for supplementary restoration.
In the repair, we also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink, etc.
After restoration, the original frescoes remained in style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style.
The Tiantian Palace was built in 1326, the original Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Maiden Palace, after many renovations, is the oldest building complex in Downtown Tianjin, is also one of the earliest surviving Mazu Temples in China.
On September 25, the opening ceremony at Daxing International Airport in Beijing was held.
Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal shape meaning "Phoenix wings", known as the "seven wonders of the new world" first.
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already over-operational, last year carried 100 million passengers, becoming the second airport in the world after Atlanta Airport, the world's second annual passenger throughput of more than 100 million passengers.
It is expected that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights, and by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million passengers, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country gate", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Beijing Daxing District and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province, with a straight distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen, is currently the world's largest new airport under construction.
The roof-covered steel structure of its terminal has a ground projection area of 180,000 square meters and the size of 25 standard football pitches.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival levels and two departure levels - F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure, international departure.
Outside the terminal connecting the high-speed and airport double-decker bridge, respectively, the terminal F3, F4 - international departure on the floor, domestic departure can be two floors.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "double airport".
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, the development of a new power source for the country, and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei regional integrated transportation hub supporting the construction of Xiong'an New Area, so far, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines, the airline flights have been approved.
During the 2019 winter and spring season, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes;
This and Beijing Capital International Airport to form a coordinated development, moderate competition, with international first-class competitiveness of the "two-hub" airport pattern, not only to ease the capital airport capacity saturation of the operating pressure, but also to better meet the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas of the urgent need, effectively enhance the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport fully consider the geographical location, airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment, the airport runway in China for the first time the use of "all-round" layout, the use of the world's largest air traffic control automation system, the establishment of China's largest terminal control zone, can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
Domestic airports of this size for the first time using the domestic baggage automatic processing and information management system, the use of innovative baggage transfer mode, improve the efficiency of baggage system processing.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport foreshadows the phoenix's wings to fly.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a domestic rate of more than 98%, will have a direct and indirect economic impact on the surrounding industries and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua tentatively holds a general meeting in November to lower the age of membership to 16 years old
Ma Hua tentatively held a central congress in early November, proposed to amend the party constitution to reduce the age of membership to 16 years old.
As Congress passed the voting age for the general election, Ma announced that the 66th Central Congress, to be held this year, would propose changes to the party constitution, including lowering Ma Hua's age for membership from the current 18 to 16.
Mahua President Dato Sli Wei Jiaxiang said that the Mahua Central Committee was scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but because of the by-election of the parliamentary seats in Thanu Biai, so the date of the congress may change.
He said that since the Election Committee would not meet until October 1 to finalize the nomination date and polling day for the by-election in The u-Brexit, they would meet the following day, On 2 October, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of yesterday's (26) central committee was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the party constitution, only to join the agenda of the national by-election after the tragic death of the member of parliament of the Indigenous Solidarity Party, Tenjung Biai, Dato Mohamad.
Wang Boxiang, Party Secretary of Shandong Yuan Shouguang County - Qiang County Fumin Chizi-Heart - Xinhua
Wang Boxiang, Shandong Shouguang, born in February 1943, took part in the work in 1967, has served as the township party secretary, county party secretary, mayor and other positions.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was the party secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province, when Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
In the five years of Shouguang's tenure, Wang Boxiang, with the heart of the people, concentrated on three things: first, to promote the industrialization of vegetables;
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables, but also have the lessons of growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers grow vegetables but can not sell, rotten in the ground.
Wang Boxiang research found that the key to catch vegetables is to do a good job of circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in setting up a wholesale vegetable market, which started the development of a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead, screw up, all the losses of the county bear.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members, including Wang Leyi of Sanyuan Zhucun, started 17 winter-warm vegetable sheds, and the village emerged 17 "double million households".
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion group, in Wang Boxiang's mobilization, Wang Leyi in various townships tour guide;
For thousands of years, 1.6 million mu of land in the north of Shoubei, in addition to salt-alkali beaches, is shallow beach coating.
The local people are living very hard.
Shounan has a vegetable shed, Shoubei to do?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to engage in a general conference war, in the desert beach camp, a dry is forty or fifty days.
Wang Boxiang and the county's leading cadres eat and live in the construction site, with the migrant workers like cart burden, wind meal sleepover, ordinary people see them all stretch their thumbs, heart-to-heart admiration ... ... ... At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp pond, 200,000 mu of salt fields, 600,000 mu of cotton fields, in the salt-alkali beach coated to develop a "polypot."
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang first participated in the Weifang City Industrial Conference as county party secretary.
During the meeting, a "comparison table of industrial economic figures in the urban areas of the 12 counties of Weifang City" was issued, at first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is good, ranking fourth.
But if the original salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third in the penultimate.
Wang Boxiang with more than 70 people to take the group, ran to the field "change of mind."
Back less than a year, the county invested 150 million yuan, on 77 projects.
Every year since then, the organization of the "take-up mission" to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai and other places to take the Bible.
Shouguang lack of enterprises, but also lack of entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting clapboard: in the county public selection of plant managers, 40 "career-minded people" stand out, was pushed on the industrial front line.
In 1991, Shou Guang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, Wang Boxiang transferred to Weifang City Deputy Mayor.
He left behind is more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, is 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds, is 4854 enterprises, is more than 100,000 "million households", is recognized by the people of the cadre team. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our secretary of Boxiang".
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over a meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
African Current Security Council Members Ivorian Foreign Minister Tano, Equatorial Guinea Foreign Minister Oyono, South African Foreign Minister Pandor and Member-designate Niger Foreign Minister Carla, Tunisian Foreign Minister Jesinawi and others attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four suggestions on strengthening Cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, by uniting to make strength.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism, with the direct consequence that the basic norms of international relations are challenged and the role of the United Nations being undermined to the detriment of the interests of the vast majority of developing and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to work hand in hand, side by side, unity can be strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not only on the three votes, but on the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just by four votes, but by driving other countries to follow suit, influencing and shaping the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China and African members of the Security Council have established a "3-plus-one" coordination mechanism to make full use of it.
Second, the settlement of disputes is through consultation.
China has always advocated a political solution to hot issues, and Africa has a good tradition of consultation, as well as experience in the successful good offices of African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex issues on the Council's agenda, particularly in Africa, are mostly the root causes of colonialism and some are directly related to external factors.
Together, we should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and play the role of the United Nations in good offices, mediation and so on.
Third, rely on self-improvement.
African countries and peoples know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the capacity and wisdom to solve its own problems.
In addressing africa's hot-button issues, the Council should focus on listening to and respecting Africa's will, play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is ready to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote capacity-building for Africa's autonomous peace operations.
Fourth, rely ingon sedidowns on development.
China and the vast number of African countries are developing countries, and we should put economic and social development first and support each other in the development path they have chosen.
China is ready to build the Belt and Road With the African Union Agenda 2063, the United Nations Agenda for Sustainable Development 2030 and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
We should work together to promote greater investment in Africa's development by the United Nations.
With the resurgence of the Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, China has made full efforts to provide human and material assistance within its capacity, and is willing to coordinate its efforts with African countries to mobilize the United Nations, WHO and other countries to step up their assistance and play the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal department and other relay to save small life.
Thrilling!
The mother-of-two had an early seizure and, on her way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week-old premature baby was born in her father's car.
Fortunately, obstetrics and neonatologists dealt with it in a timely manner, and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the department of obstetrics and neonatal care in Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days, and the other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both 29 weeks of premature babies.
Ms. Cheng is a mother-of-two, September 19 at 7 a.m., she felt a little pain in her stomach, thinking she was 32 weeks pregnant, and the first baby is also premature, she packed up the items to give birth, ready to take a bath directly to the hospital.
Shortly after 9:30, Ms Cheng packed up and let her husband drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Didn't expect the car just left the door soon, the baby can't wait to be born on the father's car co-driver.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the Maternity and Obstetrics Building of Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
Hospital security saw the panicked couple and baby, immediately informed the maternity ward, deputy director of physician Zhang Huan and other 4 doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan with the delivery bag and umbilical cord disk rushed downstairs.
At that time, the mother half lying on the car co-pilot, under the body is sheep and blood water, a baby boy is next to, but also connected to the umbilical cord. "
Zhang Huan asked to learn that the baby is a 32-week-old premature baby, parents on the way did not have time to cover the package for the child, early autumn morning has been cool, he was frozen pale skin, no crying, limbs paralysed.
Liu Yanyan hastened to the co-pilot to deal with the baby umbilical cord, Zhang Huan from the cab to drill in, quickly opened the delivery bag, with the inside of the treatment towel and delivery package cloth to the child wrapped several layers of warmth, and to the newborn to clean up the respiratory tract (pictured), and then holding the baby up to the 12th floor neonatal department.
Neonatal care department learned the news, immediately rushed to the nurse station on the spot to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby's face is purple, there is a suffocating lack of oxygen, the doctor immediately gave him a trachea intubation, less than a minute, the baby resumed the heartbeat, skin color also gradually restored ruddy, recovery success.
After being admitted to the hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on a invasive ventilator, after continuous rescue, breathing smoothly, the next day has been successfully evacuated.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is clear, and a small amount of feeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies born on the road for 3 consecutive days, the other two were born on 120 emergency vehicles, both 29 weeks of premature babies, is currently actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the provincial maternal and child health hospital, said that in recent years, provincial women and children have received a lot of babies born on the subway, private cars, this situation can not be handled well may threaten the safety of mother and child's lives.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mother once the abdominal pain, water, red and other phenomena, should immediately come to the hospital.
In case at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie flat, can be on the bottom of the hip cushion blanket, etc. , to prevent the baby after the head hit the ground, the child should be born immediately warm, as soon as possible near to the hospital.
Vietnam New Aviation Technology Company Officially Opens
VSTEA was established as one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the launch of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair consortium.
Two leading aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore are working together to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and international airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said the company's partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the world's largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides, but also the beginning of the future prospects of the two sides.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the experience shared by Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering would help affiliates to provide international maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of the flights of each airline.
The birth of VSTEA has helped Vietnam Airlines to add potential to a huge market for aircraft equipment maintenance and repair.
At the same time ushered in the contact with modern technology and training of senior aviation technical personnel a great opportunity.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research: Manufacturing has become the focus of attention in the world's major countries - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27 (Xinhua) -- The National Public Service Platform for intellectual property operations has released the White Paper on Global Manufacturing Innovation Index in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention in the world's leading countries.
This is the reporter in Hefei held the "2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Operations and Protection Forum" to understand the situation.
The forum focused on intellectual property to help China make and upgrade, from the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro-perspective of enterprise practice, comprehensively explore the manufacturing sector intellectual property operation and protection of innovative initiatives, in-depth discussion of the manufacturing intellectual property protection hot topics, continue to enhance the high-quality use of intellectual property rights, accelerate the construction of manufacturing intelligent upgrading advantages.
The Forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to offer suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote the sharing of experiences and the use of intellectual property rights.
At the forum, Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the "Patent Navigation Anhui Province Innovation Development Quality Analysis and Evaluation" report, according to the patent navigation area innovation high-quality development index measurement results, Anhui Province 2018 patent navigation area innovation and high-quality development index ranked eighth among the 31 provinces and cities in the country, innovation factor aggregation index ranked fourth in the country.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Municipal Market Supervision Administration, the National Public Service Platform for Intellectual Property Operations and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019 China Net Zhengcompetition opened today, many Olympic champions to participate in the opening ceremony
Several Olympic champions attended the opening ceremony And the audience will sing "Me and my country" with the youth choir.
The 2019 China Open will officially open today at the National Tennis Center, and the organizing committee will hold a brief and grand opening ceremony before the evening's opening match, with a number of Olympic champions and prominent sports personalities gathering at the Diamond Court, where guests and spectators will join the children of the youth choir in singing "Me and My Country".
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in the tennis boom, the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans to spend the holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn, and this year is the 16th time.
The total prize money for this year's chinese tennis tournament is also at an all-time high of $11.16 million.
The total prize money for the women's crown tournament is $7.64 million, compared with the Indian Wells and Miami crown tournaments, the last two women's singles matches are 96 signatures, while the net is 60, so for the players, the net competition appears to be more "cost-effective".
The total prize money for the men's ATP 500 tournament was a record high, rising from $3.4 million last year to $3.52 million, with the prize money continuing to lead the ATP 500, while the total prize money for the ATP 500 tokyo tournament held the same week was around $2 million.
There will be a short and grand opening before the first game scheduled for Centre Court tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some of the players, there will be ten leaders from all fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The opening ceremony was arranged after the first round of the center court is a WTA first round match, by China's Jinhua Peng Shuai against Russia's Kasakina, the next second match by the United States rookie Sofia Kenning to challenge the 2015 women's singles champion Muguruza, thus opening the 2019 china net.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozzi are engaged, according to the British Metro.
Mozzi is understood to be a 34-year-old Italian billionaire working in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice, the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, is fifth in the order of heirs to the British throne and is regarded as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world".
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th , saying : " We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr Mozzi are engaged . " "
The british side said the couple got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
'We are delighted to share the news of our engagement,' the couple said in a statement.
We're excited to be on the road together, and we can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas that will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
A free throw with a maximum of three points?
Beijing time 27, the NBA Development League announced a trial of new penalty rules, each free throw only once, the score is determined by the foul situation.
O'Neal has a low free throw percentage among NBA stars.
The new rules provide that two-point shooting foul scoring two points, three-point shooting foul scoring 3 points, foul plus penalty to get 1 point.
The last two minutes of regular time and overtime, following the previous penalty rules.
While the new season will only be tested in the NBA Development League, fans are more concerned about what impact it would have on current players if it were introduced in the NBA.
For now, many believe that the new rules may be good for "big bearded" Harden, while James, who is less than good at the penalty, will be "suffering".
Wuhan promotes intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, up to 20 million yuan subsidy
Reporter 27 from the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office held the "Rezaian New China Welcome Military Games" city series of press conference was informed that this year, the city accelerated the promotion of industrial intelligent transformation, and the implementation of a maximum of 20 million yuan of transformation subsidies.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises of more than 800 scale scale intelligent transformation needs information has been collected.
Wuhan City Bureau of Economic and Information Technology Deputy Director Zhang Hong introduced, this year, Wuhan launched the industrial enterprise intelligent transformation action plan, for the needs of industrial enterprises above the scale of free consulting and diagnostic services and proposed solutions, and comprehensively promote a new round of high-level enterprise technological transformation.
According to the plan, Wuhan City every year to publicly select a number of specialized diagnostic service institutions, through the opening of columns, questionnaires, door-to-door filing and other forms, for all industrial enterprises above the size of the city to carry out intelligent transformation needs census.
Up to now, more than 800 regulation industrial enterprises have collected intelligent transformation needs information, accounting for the city's scale of industrial enterprises in nearly one-third.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to be stationed in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site assessment and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong introduced that the city is currently organizing the implementation of intelligent transformation projects 373, the total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan, Hongxin Communications Huazhong's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, aerospace science and engineering the country's first batch satellite production line, Huisheng bio-world leading new intelligent veterinary drug intelligent production line, Oubang smart home smart intelligent production line and other industry-leading workshop and smart factory construction.
In addition, Wuhan City has also increased financial and financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the implementation of intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, according to their actual completion of investment, including equipment and hardware investment, research and development soft investment, to give 8 %, up to 20 million yuan of transformation subsidies.
At the same time, actively jointbank, Zhejiang Commercial Bank Wuhan Branch and other financial institutions, specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises to provide personalized financial services, and vigorously alleviate the pressure of enterprise financing.
Trudeau 'people's set collapses', can he be re-elected
This time, Mr. Trudeau tripped out of a "big hole" that Mr. Trudeau himself dug up a little.
In recent days, Canadian media have released a series of old photos of the current prime minister, Mr. Trudeau, posing as a black man.
This was considered an apparent act of racial discrimination that caused a stir in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
Canadians, however, don't buy much.
Trudeau was stoned to his feet.
As political commentator Riley and others have pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-black-faced movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been high-profile critics of the opposition or dissent in the party in this regard "big loss" and repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be immediately expelled".
Simply put, this time it's a big hole that tripped Trudeau out of his head, and it was Mr. Trudeau himself who dug it out a little.
Mr. Trudeau, the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is young and handsome, and he has had a whirlwind of "political idols" when he first came out.
Originally a "political man", he took over as leader of the federal Liberal Party, and after winning an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative elections, when the Federal Liberals won a valuable single cabinet in the lower house of parliament.
At the time, Mr. Trudeau put forward a number of deafening platforms and ideas, such as "ethnicity and gender equality", "eco-environmental protection" and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the eradication of corruption and "improper winds".
However , in his five years in power , he has been in a tailspin in almost all of the above , " high and low . "
In the case of "ethnicity and gender equality", the "blackface" incident aside, after he "didn't speak up" on a series of issues related to First Nations, led first nations groups and leaders to move protest tents to the gates of Parliament Heights on the 150th anniversary of Canada's founding.
In the fight against corruption, Mr. Trudeau became embroiled in the tumultuous "Lan Wanling affair" late last year and early this year.
It was revealed that his hometown of the construction company "Lan Wanling" major violations of private fraud cases, to the department responsible for the investigation and prosecution of the department and officials pressure, the latter "high-lifting hands."
Moreover, Mr. Trudeau, after the furore, was infuriated by the official who disclosed the case, Mr. Wang, who was the first to disclose the case and who was canada's attorney-general at the time.
Although the case itself is still suspect, its suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers point out that Mr. Trudeau's five years in power have collapsed mainly because of his own "pits", which are no more than "tiger-headed" "self-inflicted" and "broader than self-discipline, strict eras".
Since 2015, support for Mr. Trudeau has slipped from more than 60 per cent to more than 30 per cent, while opponents have soared from less than 30 per cent to more than 60 per cent, according to Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll.
While other opposition parties and their party chiefs have done just as well, even a significant proportion of voters who still want to vote for the federal Liberal party are now dismissive of the federal prime minister and leader of the ruling party.
On October 21st, as the new Canadian federal legislative elections begin, will Mr. Trudeau repeat the drama of his triumph five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Tianjin development integration level, have far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
Beijing News reporter from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission was informed that the capital airport has been in a super-saturated operation state, the opening of Daxing International Airport, will enhance the capital's aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing became the second city in China to have two airports in the same city, and Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is mainly similar to international shipping, the future capital airport and Daxing Airport will also serve the domestic and international different aviation business differentiation positioning, to provide a more segmented service.
Daxing Airport, from a business development point of view, for the capital airport is more favorable impact.
Capital Airport in 2018 passenger throughput exceeded 100 million passengers, ranking first in the country, but compared with the rapid growth of business needs, there is still a clear capacity difference, especially international routes demand gap.
In order to better serve the domestic and foreign passenger travel, travel and other needs, to adapt to Beijing's increasingly open, international integration of the city's development trend, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, plans to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers, cargo and postal throughput of 4 million tons.
Therefore, the two airportpositioning does not overlap, respectively for different customer groups, but also have enough market space.
From the economic account level, Daxing International Airport's navigation, obviously will form a win-win effect, ease the tension of Beijing's air capacity, speed up the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, to create the capital aviation dual-core operation of the incremental cake.
From the user's point of view, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, the future need not all focus on the capital airport travel, can also reduce the route too concentrated brought about by a series of problems, such as longer station guarantee time, passengerboarding speed slower, indirectly increase the aircraft and passengers stranded at the airport time, increase the burden of airport operation, through the capital airport shipping burden, in fact, also improve the passenger travel experience.
According to the media to go to the large international airport a variety of transportation routes time and cost estimates, such as from the South Fifth Ring Road to beijing to open high-speed directly on Daxing Airport high-speed, driving 50 minutes can go to, oil money back and forth about 40 yuan, high-speed fee 15 yuan; Daxing Airport Line, according to the distance of 20 kilometers, 30 kilometers for the limit, the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan, 35 yuan three, the public can also take the Beijing-Hongxiong intercity, from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station as long as 20 minutes.
In general, there are a variety of modes of transport options available to the public to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
And from the perspective of trend development: Daxing Airport is the location of Beijing-Tianjin-Tianjin transportation hub, so the distance from Beijing is slightly far, but strengthen the radiation to Hebei, Tianjin, convenient for more people to travel, to pull Hebei, Tianjin's economic development is of great significance.
In the future, Hebei and Tianjin passengers will be able to enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, as can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
Daxing Airport's supporting transportation facilities are very perfect, in addition to the Beijing District direct to Daxing Airport's new airport line, there are a number of highways connected to Daxing Airport and the surrounding area.
Just as passengers in Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport through Guangfu, Guangshen and other highways, residents of Langfang, Xiong'an New District and other places around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport, access to convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport, not only added several runways and several aircraft, whether from the competitive level of enterprises, consumer experience level, or from the regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Tianjin development integration level, have far-reaching and positive significance, not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, for the vast number of residents of Beijing and Tianjin to provide a variety of options, promote the further improvement of the quality of service of the Beijing shipping industry, but also conducive to the development of Beijing-Tianjin integration, To promote the economic and trade development of the surrounding area of Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only calculate the small account of individuals in the economy, but also the overall development of the big account.
27 day small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46 % - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) 27 small and medium-sized board index opened higher, finally closed at 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46 percent, from the previous trading day.
On the same day, the turnover of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the day, 668 stocks closed higher, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative rose and stopped, 222 stocks closed lower, Shunwei shares and other 4 stocks fell, and Weixing shares and other 40 stocks closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Forum held in Chengtian Hue Province
At the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new signs and continued to maintain growth, said Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly.
The forum focused on the economic and social issues highlighted in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development by the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, participants exchanged in-depth views and views on the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some outstanding issues of the Vietnamese economy in 2019, outstanding issues in Vietnamese social culture in 2019, and projections and recommendations for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
It was widely felt that global economic growth would slow in the first few months of 2019 and that risks and challenges would increase.
Trade frictions between the major economies have further shrank global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has concluded that despite the global economic uncertainty, with 70 percent of the world's economies stagnant, Vietnam's economic development has achieved many encouraging achievements, with stable macroeconomic performance and effective control of inflation, and the consumer price index grew by an average of 2.64 percent in the first half of 2019, the lowest growth rate in nearly three years.
GDP grew by 6.76 % in the first half of 2019 , although down from 7.05 % in the same period last year , but still at a high level compared with the level for the same period in 2011-2017 .
In predicting the trend of Vietnam's economic development in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Center for Economic and Social Forecasting, said vietnam's economy is showing high growth momentum in 2019 against the backdrop of world economic turmoil.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will continue to be basically stable, the implementation of various FTAs will boost trade development, economic restructuring and business environment improvement will be further strengthened, as a result of trade frictions, Vietnam's export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, we should strengthen the monitoring and forecasting early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnam's exports, look for opportunities to expand new export markets, and create facilities for the export of agricultural and aquatic products and other commodities.
At the same time, the inflation rate should be kept at a reasonable level, thereby promoting the development of auxiliary industries and supporting the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and eco-agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu said that in the 70 years since the founding of the People's Republic of China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and China's program to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's livelihood.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world's second largest economy , China's contribution to world economic growth exceeds 30 % , especially with China's Belt and Road Initiative , and cooperation between local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and the provinces of the territorial regions has been deepening .
He said that this year marks the beginning of the 61-year history of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Cambodia , and the two countries enjoy brotherly friendship , and the mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force for local economic and social development .
Siem Reap Governor DiSaiha praised the great achievements of New China over the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation.
Disaiha expects the two sides to continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
DiSaiha said that Siem Reap Province and Chinese provinces and cities have been remarkable in their friendly exchanges, so far with China's 28 provinces and cities to conclude friendly relations, large-scale cultural performance projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" landing, Siem Reap - Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport project, Siem Reap provincial government officials special training courses, Siem Reap students to study in China scholarships, rural justice, xing to modify urban roads, cataract rehabilitation projects, such as "bright The people of Siem Reap are the direct beneficiaries.
The reception was attended by The Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defence of Cambodia, Ken Wensong, the Chairman of the Council of Siem Reap Province, Ong Heng, the Governor of the 5 provinces, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian-Chinese Council, volunteer teachers, the Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representatives of Chinese enterprises and representatives of foreign missions in Siem Reap.
Witness the ten-year "cloud rise" of digital China in Yunji Town - Xinhua
If the 2009 local website forum as the origin, 25-27 in Hangzhou, the 2019 Cloud Habitat Conference has been a full decade.
From the concept of "in the clouds" to the practice of "up to the cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies to support China's economic development, social management and public service in 10 years.
In The Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Cell Workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" with Alibaba Cloud Artificial Intelligence was recently filled by a quality inspector.
It is 24 hours a day, the speed of identification is more than twice the manual, quality inspection accuracy is stable at more than 95%.
According to company officials, the camera with the "quality inspector" has focused on learning more than 40,000 defective samples, with the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language, there will be defective battery chips classified.
This enterprise is just one microcosm of today's cloud computing transformation that is driving manufacturing.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued the Guide to Promoting the Implementation of The Cloud for Enterprises (2018-2020) in 2018, and proposes that by 2020, the awareness and enthusiasm of enterprises on the cloud will be significantly improved, and the proportion and application depth of the upper cloud will be significantly increased.
Today, data-centric cloud computing has opened the way for a digital economy that is a key element of data, said Wang Jian, founder of Alibaba Cloud.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, China's cloud computing industry has been expanding in size.
According to the White Paper on Cloud Computing Development (2019) released by the China Information and Communications Research Institute in July this year, the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2 % over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and digital economic development, the invisible "cloud" has also unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
The "urban brain", which has been on display for the third year in a row, is still a cause for concern at this year's Cloud Habitat Conference.
Alibaba Cloud, the current urban brain has been from traffic management tools to urban management hub, related to cooperative applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, the urban brain through powerful computing power, so that "stop first and pay later" "the number of visitors in real time awareness" "travel line design" and other new urban management services functions to achieve.
In the field of government affairs services, with "one cloud" docking "one thing", the "palm office" "hands on the work" co-promotion, cloud computing for the supply of government services to bring convenience.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform through the government affairs cloud.
As of 11 September, the platform had covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, collecting data from 3,066 categories of 19.08 billion.
The average monthly call-up and sharing of data between government departments in Zhejiang province has reached 12 million times, and every time the data flows on the 'cloud', it may mean that the masses are running errands less.
Make tea with plastic tea bags with caution!
A new canadian study has found that a pack of plastic tea bags could release billions, or even tens of billions, of plastic particles, significantly higher than a person's estimated annual intake of microplastics, but so far there is no evidence that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans, the Central News Agency reported.
Researchers at Magill University in Canada have reportedly found that dipping plastic tea bags into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius) releases about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanoplastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the amount of microplastics an estimated person consumes throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles a year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
The study, published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology, showed researchers testing four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montevideo shops and cafes, opening them, washing them and dipped in almost boiling water for five minutes, and then analyzed them with electron microscopes and spectrometers.
According to the study , they found that more than 11.6 billion plastic particles were released in a single tea bag , " several stages higher than the plastic load of other foods before . "
Reported that most tea bags are made of natural fiber, but many use natural fiber single brands still use plastic to seal.
Some of the branded tea bags are no longer made of paper in favour of plastic, which the researchers tested.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic that the researchers define as being between 100 nanometres and 5 mm in size, mainly caused by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in air, soil, rivers and deep-sea ditches around the world, as well as microplastics in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human stool samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics affect their behavior and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence so far that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO notes that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what effects they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the large amount of plastic particles released by these tea bags may be due to their contact with boiling water, which may break down or ooze toxic substances even when "food-grade" plastics are heated above 40 degrees Celsius.
Guterres said a climate emergency was the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster can erode a generation's development gains.
The hurricane-hit areas of Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas so far this year illustrate this point.
About a quarter of the population of small island developing States lives at an altitude of 5 metres or less.
Relocation can have serious implications for their social and way of life and even raise issues of sovereignty and national identity.
At Monday's Climate Action Summit, small island nations are once again leading the world in the right direction by working together to achieve carbon-neutral and 100% renewable energy by 2030.
"The climate crisis is putting new injustices on the old ones , " Guterres said .
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
As these countries are in middle-income status, many are also trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disasters and debt.
The world must act, and it is time for major decisions and substantial investment in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for help to small island developing States to manage disaster risk, invest in climate-adaptive infrastructure and ways to transition to renewable energy, and urged international agencies to help small island developing States, particularly heavily indebted middle-income countries, access funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of the protection and conservation of the Earth's lifeline, the oceans.
The intergovernmental panel on Climate Change's latest special report this week confirms that the oceans have suffered the "sweeping" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many regions may experience some extreme sea level rise that would have occurred once a century ago.
The report warns that some island States are likely to become uninhabitable without significant investment in adaptation.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have taken a heavy toll.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
Demand shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fisheries in many island communities.
Small island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on external markets, subject ingress to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also grappling with the security implications of illegal trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
"By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, it can be solved anywhere, " Guterres said.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons and examples that can be used around the world. "
He stressed that small island developing States were an exception to sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the international community as a whole.
India's finance ministry says the financial system is liquid.
India's finance minister Sitarahman said on the 26th, the current financial system liquidity, driven by holiday consumer demand, India's economic growth is expected to resume in the second half of the fiscal year.
Mr. Sitaman made the remarks after a meeting with representatives of Private Banks, Non-Bank Financial Institutions, Housing Bank and others.
Sitaraman did not specify the specifics of the remarks.
Earlier, some Indian and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown in India's economy on liquidity constraints in non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaman cites falling car sales as an example, negating that liquidity constraints are the main reason for the decline.
Sitaman noted that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Mr Sitalamaan expects India's economic growth to resume in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday spending.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and runs until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping will boost India's economic growth significantly.
Jiangxi Provincial Education Department recently issued a notice, strictly prohibit the province's primary and secondary schools during the National Day holiday violations of remedial classes, and will organize personnel to carry out random inspection and covert visits.
In the "notice on the prohibition of national holiday violations of remedial classes", Jiangxi Provincial Education Department stressed that all primary and secondary schools in the National Day period to resolutely do: all students shall not be organized to make up classes collectively or take new classes, shall not hold discipline training courses, special classes, Orsay classes, interest classes, improve classes, etc., are not allowed to rent schools, school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various types of training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly prohibited for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to participate in non-compliant remedial classes inside and outside the school, and it is strictly prohibited for in-service primary and secondary school teachers to participate in out-of-school training institutions or by other teachers, parents, parentcommittees and other organizations of illegal remedial classes, and it is strictly prohibited that in-service primary and secondary school teachers introduce students and provide relevant information for out-of-school training institutions and others.
The notice makes it clear that for the violation of remedial courses in primary and secondary schools, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction in the county-level government high-quality development education assessment in that year, and the teachers involved in the violation of the remedial courses will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions of the teacher's moral style.
Supporting pig production to ensure market supply
The loyalty demands to implement the measures from six aspects
The province to promote pig production to ensure market supply teleconference held today, on the implementation of the central and provincial committees, provincial governments on supporting pig production to ensure market supply policy measures to mobilize and re-deploy.
The loyalty requirements, from six aspects to grasp the implementation of pig production measures.
Grasp the "basket" mayor responsible for the implementation of this year the province's clear 45 million pigs out of the column task has been broken down into the cities and states, into the responsibility system assessment.
We will make good efforts to implement various policies and measures, and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of policy implementation.
We should make good efforts to breed sows, earnestly implement the policy of subsidizing good breeds of sows, encourage pig-breeding enterprises to expand the scale of breeding of pigs, and systematically select excellent sows from the group of commercial pigs.
Grasp the implementation of investment, has not yet entered our province's well-known domestic large-scale aquaculture enterprises as the top priority of investment.
We will make good efforts to implement the market circulation system, speed up the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the transformation from "pig transfer" to "transfer of meat".
To make good use of the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all places should be equipped with the scale of breeding and the task of work of the grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel, build up the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Zhai loyalty requirements, to ensure that the meat market supply, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortage, large-scale supply cut off, to ensure that the major holiday pork market supply is stable.
The meeting also carried out the deployment of the work of continuously grasping the prevention and control of the outbreak of swine fever in Africa, the prohibition of arrest in the important waters of the Yangtze River basin of our province, and the acquisition of rice in the province.
Speaking about the motherland, national soul big white rabbit and other old Shanghai character representatives for college students to take party lessons
"Me and my motherland" campus clocking points let the college students "not think."
In the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Shanghai soap, Yan Wansheng, the great white rabbit, fresh four well-known Shanghai old characters gathered in East China University of Technology on the 27th "art party class", four average history of more than 90 years of Shanghai old character representatives, Qi Qi for more than 200 young students to tell the old brand of the motherland, national soul.
On-site exhibition of old-style brand products.
The emotional narrated in the classroom let the students sigh did not expect, outside the classroom carefully arranged the old brand of product exhibition, as well as "me and my motherland" campus clocking points so that college students "not think."
Big white rabbit lip balm, big white rabbit ice cream ... As an old brand, big white rabbit milk sugar in recent years actively seek change, take the initiative to attack, adhere to innovation and cross-border.
Born in 1959, the Great White Rabbit coincides with its 60th birthday this year.
Yan Wansheng also set his sights on the young consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary and deputy general manager of the party branch of Shanghai Yan Wansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scene of "spring-like abalone, summer hot food bad fish, autumn wind and cold shrimp, winter clouds drunk crab", reflecting people's continuous innovation in the "eat" aspect.
The company also from taste innovation, comic packaging design and other aspects to further tap the brand culture, in order to adapt to the younger generation of consumer groups.
The old character represents the innovation road in the "art party class" scene.
Yu Jie, manager of The Seafood To Rib Cake Catering Co. , Ltd. , also thinks, "All innovation scorporations are inseparable from a solid foundation, and every innovation of the old name is a process of thick and thin hair."
Everyone's heart is hidden in the old name of the expectation.
Product-centric, small and beautiful times should begin. "
As one of the first batch of "old Chinese characters" in China, seafood also quickly adaptto to market trends, vi visual upgrade of the brand, the introduction of professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"Not only can the old characters be seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now they will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes, ultimately, are to achieve the goal of making consumers see, hear, and finally buy. "
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd., said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, system development prospects, user satisfaction with energy-saving and environmental protection products, adhere to the high scientific and technological content, high economic efficiency of the road.
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old character accompanied my growth, carrying the beautiful memories and emotions of childhood. "
Song Yuyuan students sighed.
Shanghai old character on behalf of more than 200 young students to tell the old brand of the motherland, national soul.
Zhou Wei students said, how to tap the brand culture, so that high-quality traditional culture from generation to generation, life, is that we as a design students, need to think and explore the problem.
This party course to The East China University of Technology School of Art Dean Ding Wei's "Shanghai Image" project, Professor Yan Jun's "old-style integrated brand innovation studio" as the basis, hope to dig deep into the old cultural potential and modern commercial value, with the use of shanghai old characters of competitiveness and influence, enhance the shanghai old-style cultural radiation concentration, in the form of "design and culture" to achieve the "1 plus 2" industrial effect, from a new perspective to show Shanghai culture.
It is reported that the "Art Party Class" will also continue to invite the literary history, painting master, pottery master, non-relict master, architectural master, garden landscape master as a lecturer, through their narrative heritage of Chinese culture innovation and adherence, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideal belief of college students, thick lying the love of the national conditions of college students, with works to speak, let the works sound, innovative party class form, let students love the theme of the party class, enhance the party's thinking, Cultivate new people who can take on the role of national rejuvenation!
Abe's video celebrates the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and says Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China by video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, I'm Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to extend warm congratulations on behalf of the Government and people of Japan.
At the G20 Osaka Summit in June , Japan and China worked together to make the summit a success and declared the firm will of the G20 to the world through the Declaration of the Osaka Summit of The Leaders of the G20 .
In addition, at the Japan-China summit and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Japan next spring, while agreed to usher in a new era between Japan and China.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to address the issues facing the region and the world, and contribute to the international community together, which will be conducive to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations a prosperous future and my friends' cause to flourish.
"Some of the over-age migrant workers on some sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where are you looking for the young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the site. "
Recently, for the construction site there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) phenomenon, the long-term in the construction industry as a construction contractor' Yu Kui sighed.
Recently, the author's university to carry out rain pollution diversion project, the campus appeared a lot of migrant workers, if you pay attention to observe, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers go out to work is not "idle", but because "can't be idle", with "have to be so" helplessness and hardship - whether it is saving money to solve their old-age and medical problems, or helping their children, are driving these should "free down" old people continue to work hard.
The "old-fashioned" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Parenting children, supporting the elderly, for children to read, help children build buildings to buy cars, help children to start a family, next generation to raise grandchildren, when these migrant workers completed the "life task", money bags have been hollowed out and even a lot of debt, most lack of wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down the children also in order to save some wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "dry to dry up."
Many "post-80s" "post-90" and even "post-00" new generation of migrant workers are not willing to engage in difficult conditions, high labor intensity of the secondary industry or low-end service industry, resulting in a structural "job shortage", these unattractive jobs, to provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of a skill, physical function and labor ability and decline, many over-age migrant workers are doing high intensity, low income, high risk, less protection of the work.
Can do a day is a day, can earn a little more, "cannot idle" behind the survival dilemma of over-age migrant workers, can not be ignored and ignored.
To solve the problem of underpayment and demand for wages, improve labor protection, reduce security risks, increase labor income, improve the survival of over-age migrant workers, in addition to their "self-rescue", but also inseparable from the public sector system protection and humane care.
Some scholars point out that over-age migrant workers are less likely to rely on home-grown land to solve their old-age care and medical problems, they must otherwise support their families.
Reading the "can't be idle" of migrant workers " helpless ness and strong, help us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of the over-aged migrant workers, hearing their sighs, trying to get back to the countryside they really realize the "old-fashioned", the need for the public sector, the market and society in the benign interaction of responsibility, the need for multi-party efforts.
Chemezov said Russia will not export such a system for the next five years because "the country's military will be supplied first before export production".
This approach is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of arms and military equipment always first ensure their defence needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Grekhov, deputy commander of the Russian Air Force, said the development of the system was nearing completion.
The S-500 system was developed by the "Diamond-Antai" Sky Defense Konzern.
This is a new generation of air defense systems that work to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, capable of intercepting missiles with a range of less than 3,500 km.
In addition, according to some sources, the S-500 can destroy hypersonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed five times the speed of sound, and even targets in near-space.
Such weapons can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defence systems, in particular the S-400 system, which is very important from a defence perspective.
Sergey Chemezov expressed particular concern about the S-400.
He says the system is in great demand in the world, but the Russian military also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system is in service with the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to information on 15 September, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Arctic Air Defence Regiment of Sindi Island has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization of the Arctic.
The Russian Defense Ministry said it was a complete process in the transition plan to a more advanced defense tool in the northern strategic direction.
"With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly, " said the Russian Northern Fleet News Service. "
Crucially, the system has been successful lying in the Arctic and the Arctic, according to military assessments.
Air defense regiment officers and soldiers have been trained in the new system and are ready to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, it is still partially retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying a variety of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speeds at outer altitudes or "fish in the net" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 Triumph system, developed by The Golden Diamond-Antey Sky Defense, is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other aerial attack weapons.
The weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 km per second at a distance of 60 km.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defences in the far north to ensure the safety of its airspace on the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 Tor-M2DT anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the Arctic's air defense system.
The Russian Defense Ministry said at the time that the Arctic "Thor" forces will be expanded to a full brigade-level structure in the future.
Coupled with the new S-400 long-range systemdeployed on the New Earth Islands and the Cora Peninsula, as well as the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the Far North, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons are powerfully defending Russia's polar skies.
Enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles will have a hard time breaking through this defense.
According to the Russian government, the flagship store would be a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of the Russian store, The Russian Company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Ospindo has online stores on China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduo, Hand Q (ShouQ), and Wechat, a multi-functional instant messaging software, with online stores, and its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Rusto to develop store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelves for products.
The store plans to open by the end of this year and launch products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to the Russian Export Center, China's e-commerce platform has a total of 1 billion visits per month.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, to more than $1 billion in 2018.
Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of its global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kochevnikov, the new store will display goods from companies with sales of at least 500 million rubles or more.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and 500 million rubles of sales are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods, regarding Chinese goods as high-quality and green and environmentally friendly products. "
Mr. Kochevnikov says competition for Chinese consumers, who compete for strong purchasing power, is fierce and intensifying.
" Our goal is to launch 500 companies through this store in three years , " he said . "
At the same time, the platform will also be on the Russian Far East enterprises products.
Vyacheslav Cheglov , a professor of basic departments of trade policy at The Plekhanov University of Economics in Russia , said : This is a political project that represents the image of both sides , because the Russian export center is state-owned rather than private . "
"I don't see a lot of very competitive Russian goods on the market. "
He believes the project will probably not actually be implemented, but it will help strengthen relations between the two countries.
Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Oriental Economic Forum that product information from more than 170 Russian companies has been released on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China and other countries, RIA Novosti reported.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, a training program for experts from Taobao University for Russian companies, the first of which was held in July this year.
The Russian Export Center will also serve as an organizer for Russian companies participating in industry exhibitions and commercial projects at the 2nd China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November.
Large-scale exhibitions will be held in the 1000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also be the center of commercial project events, agreement signing ceremonies, presentations and talks with Chinese business representatives.
Some 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
"In addition to the agricultural booths , we will certainly hold business meetings , i.e. to arrange direct links between entrepreneurs , " said the Russian Export Centre's press service . "
"This is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure that dozens of special meetings are scheduled for them. "
In addition, the fair will host master classes, cooking contests and Russian food tastings prepared by famous Russian chefs in the "Shanghai Station for Exploring Russian Cuisine".
Police are waiting for a full report and instructions from the Attorney General's Office after the coroner's inquest on Friday ruled that the cause of death was not accidental.
The National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau, Dato Huzl, said in a statement Friday that police will await further instructions from the Attorney General's Office, according to the coroner's court's ruling.
In his statement, he stressed that the police have never terminated the investigation into the Mohamad case, which is still ongoing.
On the other hand, Snow County Sheriff Noa Zhan said police would wait for a full report on the contents of the ruling before taking action.
He responded Friday morning when he was asked about the incident after attending a handover ceremony at the Snowcounty Police Headquarters.
He said the police were investigating the case on the basis of the report.
He added that the police would also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to call again to question people who had previously recorded their confessions .
Reporters from the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau learned that, in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently to Chang'an Street and its route as the main axis, to comprehensively enhance the landscape of landscaping, to create a peaceful, festive atmosphere.
At present, Chang'an Street along the 12 three-dimensional flower beds have been completed, the city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up the capital, dressed to welcome the arrival of the National Day.
Over the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have attracted many public visitors to see and take pictures.
These flower beds have a distinctive theme, from the beginning of the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of jianguo gate to the conclusion of the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of the Revival Gate, which brings together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, and shows the people's happy life.
Beijing Landscaping Bureau responsible for the introduction, this year's greening environment layout to make full use of its own innovative results, integrated at home and abroad new varieties, new technologies.
The flower beds are placed in the overall application of more than 230 varieties, including 16 self-cultivated varieties, 18 green anti-reversal new varieties and 11 kinds of native plants.
China's independent selection of "cold dew competition" "beautiful autumn candy" "colorful autumn" 3 chrysanthemum varieties have been applied for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing also recently the city's landscape landscape environment to carry out a comprehensive rectification, a total of more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowers shrubs, lawn root flowers 2.3 million square meters.
At the same time, in the city's ring road, Chang'an Street extension line, Xiangshan memorial, the new airport surrounding and important tourist attractions around the important areas, but also set up the theme of 200 flower beds, planting flowers with a capacity of 20 million pots (plants), the placement of flower columns and flower piles of 10,000 pieces, 5000 groups of combined containers, hanging flower boxes 15,000, so that the capital's green environment landscape has been comprehensively upgraded.
China Releases China and the United Nations report on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhua
UNITED NATIONS, Sept. 26 (Xinhua Xu Xiaolei Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th UN General Assembly officially released the China-United Nations - 74th UN General Assembly China Position Paper, the United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action, China's Progress Report on The Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019), and the Earth Big Data Support Sustainable Development Goals Report.
The China-United Nations - China Position Paper of the 74th UN General Assembly summarizes the achievements and development of China's cooperation in various fields with the United Nations since the founding of New China 70 years ago, especially since the 18th Party Congress.
It was pointed out that the promotion of the construction of a community of human destiny proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become the banner of diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
Guided by Xi's diplomatic thought, China has taken a more active and proactive stance in international affairs, made greater contributions to world peace and development, and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been the builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of the United Nations peace, development and human rights in ten aspects.
Reiterates China's firm support for and practice of multilateralism and the central role of the United Nations in international affairs, points out that China's development resonates with the development of the world and promotes each other, and stresses that in the face of the world's once-in-a-century changes, a growing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
The UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action closely follows the nine areas of action of the UN Climate Action Summit and introduces China's policy proposals for international cooperation on climate change and the achievements of China's efforts to address climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China regards addressing climate change as an inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and its responsibility to build a community of human destiny, and will continue to overcome the many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019) is China's second progress report issued following the release of the Implementation Progress Report in 2017.
The report provides a comprehensive review of China's initiatives, progress, challenges and next steps to implement the 2030 Agenda, demonstrating China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The report contains cases such as precision poverty alleviation, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization, and the joint construction of the Belt and Road, which will provide useful lessons for other countries in implementing the 2030 Agenda.
The Earth Big Data Support Sustainable Development Goals Report shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth's big data to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the application value and prospects of technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the SDGs, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macau Polytechnic Alumni Association - Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Exhibition will be held on September 29, 2019 at 6 p.m. at the Huaiyuan Building Exhibition Gallery of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
Welcome people from all walks of life to guide.
Renowned designers Liu Huazhi, Liang Ziheng, both graduated from the Macao Institute of Technology integrated design department, and then co-founded the design company in 2013, after five years of efforts, the company achieved outstanding achievements, internationally won more than 200 awards, design business all over the world, business spanning more than 10 countries 25 cities, successfully put the team design to the international level.
At the invitation of the Macau Polytechnic Alumni Association, they exhibited their unique designs and shared their entrepreneurial experiences.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, the day will also exchange views on the design and development of Macao.
The exhibition runs from 29 September to 10 October 2019 and is open from 9am to 11pm and is open as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Alumni Association of Science and Technology at 8599 3119.
Lao collectives and individuals received the Vietnamese National Medal and Insignia
In its decision on the award of the Medal of Independence on 21 September, President Nguyen Fook awarded the Order of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao Congress, the organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity between the Two Parliaments and the parliamentary organs of the two countries.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Fou Chung also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Friendship Badge.
Pursuant to that decision, the State of Viet Nam decided to award 21 Medals of Friendship and 17 Friendship Badges to the four collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao Congress, the organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, in recognition of their positive contribution to the consolidation and strengthening of the special solidarity between the two parliaments and the organs of the National Assembly.
Speaking at the ceremony, Ms. Nguyen stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two peoples has been formed from a long history, and that the good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relationship between the Vietnamese and Lao peoples, which was created by President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Kaishan Fengweihan and carefully cultivated by the two parties, the leaders and peoples of the two countries, has become a priceless treasure for both countries.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that under the complex and changing circumstances of the world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and comprehensive cooperation between the older and the older people continue to be consolidated and developed and are increasingly moving towards in-depth and pragmatic development.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the award of medals and badges to the Vietnamese Party and state to the lao Congress and former senior leading cadres is a great recognition of the Vietnamese Party, the state and the people for the great credit of all comrades, and hoped that all comrades would continue their efforts to make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two.
Ms. Nguyen stressed that the Vietnamese Party and the state will continue to work closely with the Lao Party and the state to inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
The Lao Congress, which has been awarded the Order of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Friendship Badge, has expressed its gratitude to the Vietnamese state for the honorary award and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the Lao Congress.
E-cigarettes in the United States have killed 12 people and caused 805 lung damage.
U.S. health officials said 12 people have died from e-cigarette-related diseases in the U.S., and 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarettes have been reported, the Central News Agency reported.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reportedly reportedly reported lying with the figures and said no specific substances that cause the disease seis has been identified.
However, most patients reported the use of e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, the main compound in cannabis that affects mental states.
The surge in lung cases is known to be linked to the purchase of contaminated electronic smoke-filled devices on the black market.
The CENTERS FOR Disease Control and Prevention says the 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported in 46 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, e-cigarette sales have been banned in India and Massachusetts, while in New York and Michigan, flavored e-cigarettes have been banned.
The report says the Trump administration intends to ban e-cigarette products of all flavors other than tobacco flavors from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet and Smart Station" lets you have a number in mind.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Transportation Joint Gaudreau Map announced: the first batch of "Internet and Smart Station Card" officially landed in Nanjing, when Nanjing will have 54 bus electronic screens will be lit, this will be a comprehensive upgrade of Nanjing information service level, improve the efficiency of public transport services and the happiness of ordinary people travel.
In the past, the anxiety scene of waiting cars was staged almost daily at the bus stop.
Bus running time is unpredictable, bus road conditions along the way and vehicle location is difficult to know, bus travel pain point problem needs to be solved, especially in some big cities, long commute slots, morning and evening commute rush hour traffic conditions are complex, resulting in bus punctuality rate has been difficult to ensure.
To this end, Nanjing smart transportation and go with The map of Gaode in-depth exploration of the "Internet and traffic" of the new direction of civilian services, the introduction of the country's first batch of "Internet and smart station card" this intelligent service project.
It is reported that the country's first batch of "Internet and smart station card" landed in Nanjing, the integration of Gaudreau big data and Gaudreau's vehicle estimated travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on the bus electronic station sign and mobile Internet, traffic big data upgrade, to achieve the "bus smart station card and electronic map" two-end release bus route, bus forecast station time and other capabilities.
Through the "Internet and Smart Station Card", Nanjing residents can not only easily obtain the bus expected station time, understand the real-time location of the bus and the current station still have a few stops, but also through the three colors of red, orange and green intuitively grasp the bus road conditions along the way, so that all the way to the station bus line real-time situation can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the "Internet and smart station card" this technology warm heart on the line, Nanjing citizens to achieve the "before going out to query the location of public transport, such as public transport when mastering the station time, take the bus to understand the arrival time" and other convenient and efficient way of bus travel.
According to the "Internet and smart station card" real-time bus information, choose the most suitable for their own travel routes, but also do a good job of psychological expectations, reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, so that travel becomes more convenient and relaxed.
Summer Palace fine cultural relics debut more than 30 pieces on display for the first time - Xinhua
Reporters from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office was informed that a total of 99 pieces of cultural relics on display, of which more than 30 pieces of cultural relics are the first time the Summer Palace to the public exhibition, showing the Rich Collection of Palace cultural relics and its traditional Fushou cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into Rui Yuji Jin, FuShu Shouyu, Qigong, the four exhibition areas of the colorful zenghua, to the audience to display jade bronze, ancient books and paintings, miscellaneous items, porcelain, and other categories of cultural relics, exhibits of the shape of the instrument, patterned decoration reflects the "Fushou" theme.
Yu Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Administration Department, said that the high-level cultural relics of this exhibition are numerous, cultural objects are many, and the exhibition spans large.
Nearly 30% of the exhibited cultural relics are national-level cultural relics and secondary cultural relics, cultural relics from the Shang Dynasty across to the Qing Guangxu years.
The Shang Dynasty Zhengxuan exhibition more than 3000 years ago, for this exhibition of the "oldest" bronze cultural relics;
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Department, said that the cultural exhibition adhering to the spirit of "live up" cultural relics, relying on the Summer Palace "Fukuyama Shouhai" garden-making thought, to the garden collection "Fushou" theme cultural relics as the carrier, so that visitors through the exhibition to understand the deep Fushou culture of the Summer Palace, carry forward and inherit traditional Chinese culture, convey the good wishes of the blessing of the happy birthday.
It is reported that the exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Times Review: Firmly Walk our own way
The white paper "China and the World of a New Era" released on the 27th answered: In the past 70 years, the fundamental reason for The success of China's development is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct path of development with socialism with Chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people for China to follow its own development path.
Since modern times, in the environment of accumulation of poverty and weakness, internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people in order to explore the way to save the country and the people up and down, go forward to follow.
However , " the constitutional monarchy , the restoration of the imperial system , the parliamentary system , the multi-party system , the presidential system have all been tried and tried , and the results have not worked . " "
It was not until the Communist Party of China and the new China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a socialist road with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road that China has come out of is the road to the well-being of the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and the rest of the world.
It is precisely because it is on the right path that China can do its own thing well, in order to become the world's second largest economy, the largest contribution to global economic growth, in order to continue to benefit the world through its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path, in line with China's national conditions, to meet the requirements of the times, will be with the times to show more and more bright prospects for development.
Looking back, Chinese people know how difficult it is to find the right path, and look around the world, Chinese people cherish this right path more.
Chinese understand the truth of the South Orange North, understand that suitable for others do not necessarily suitable for their own, only suitable for their own is the best.
It is with this path of self-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a remarkable miracle.
In the tortuous process of human's advance, "The Thetheory of The End of History" was famous for some time.
Today, the success of the socialist road with Chinese characteristics has declared the end of the "end of history theory", the collapse of "China's collapse theory" and the failure of the "socialist failure theory".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve the prosperity of their people, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and provided experience and reference for countries and peoples in the world who both want to accelerate their development and maintain their independence, and to follow the path that is in line with their national conditions.
The world is rich and colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose the path of development that suits their national conditions.
China does not "import" the foreign model, nor "exports" the Chinese model, but will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen exchanges with other countries in governance, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and governance.
A Foodworks supermarket boss has been slammed as "disgraceful" after it was found that he had fired a 66-year-old woman by text message because he preferred to hire staff from asian backgrounds.
The committee said the way Inwhich of Ms. Gail Ayton's boss, Jianbin Wang, who has worked at the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated employees "extremely unfairly" and may have violated anti-discrimination laws.
Ms Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang had taken over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, The Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Peter Sams, conducted a search on the Internet and found that "Mr. Wang has published some job advertisements at various Chinese employment forums in Australia in the past".
Of the job requirements listed in these positions, one says "Asian lady first" and the other says "Asian employee preferred".
The third post said he was "more inclined to overseas (sic).
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text message in April, later claiming that this was due to her absence and the alleged small cash shortfall at the cash register, which ranged from $5.10 to $30.
But Mr. Sams said Mr. Wang's reasons for dismissing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacking in evidence.
In three years she has only missed one shift, and the "missing amount" totals a few Australian dollars.
He said Ms. Ayton's dismissal "had nothing to do with her actions or performance."
" It seems to me that the real motive of the defender to dismiss Mr. Wang is that he prefers to hire employees with an Asian background , supported by the evidence of the job advertisement released by Mr. Wang , " he said .
Under section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's actions appear to constitute a violation of the Anti-Discrimination Act and/or the dismissal of the applicant is unlawful. "
Mr. Sams said it was inappropriate for Mr. Wang to consider reinstating Ms. Ayton in view of his "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms Ayton, a temporary worker with an hourly wage of A$26.
In light of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said he would submit his rulings and documents to the committee's director to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be referred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal law.
He stated that Mr. Wang had not given Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for firing her.
" I believe that the respondent has taken an incorrigible unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant , and Mr Wang "waits" for this opportunity , which he believes will 'justify' termination of the applicant's employment . "
"He was wrong ... The respondent completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her when dismissing the applicant, and it was shocking that he was disrespectful and grossly unjust. "
Mr. Sams said that while Foodworks is a small business , " it must be frank that no decent employer would fire an employee in a very unfair and perfunctory manner that was acknowledged in this case . " "
" This is shameful and extremely unfair , " he said . "
Guangzhou Railway to meet the National Day Golden Week passenger flow day increase passenger train 175 - China New Network
Xinhua Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Wei) reporter 27 from the Guangzhou Railway Group was informed that in order to meet the National Day Golden Week travel needs, Guangzhou Railway Group will gradually open hot direction trains, the holiday period, the total number of daily passenger trains to 175, the overall increase of the National Day Golden Week passenger flow peak capacity.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of initiatives to do a good job during peak passenger flow services.
Guangzhou South Station for the three-tier security channel to optimize the transformation, the addition of 12 security channels, the new transformation, a total of 44 security screening channels in the three-story waiting room, in addition, in order to smooth the flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Station added 19 self-service real-name verification equipment, a total of 71.
In order to ease the south-south road traffic congestion and congestion, Guangzhou South Station will open three new parking lots, the addition of 1000 parking spaces, to ease the south station around the traffic pressure.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high-speed rail- subway" free of charge green channel.
October 6-7, passenger flow to reach peak hours, Shenzhen North Station A2 exit will be connected with the subway, set up a free-flow channel, for peak hours to reach passengers to facilitate travel.
In addition, the East-West Plaza will normally set up the U-color love fast access, for the 15 minutes before driving to reach the station passengers and special key passengers.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Kyu passenger section carried out full-service training to ensure that all the crew who took on the role of crew to learn to master business knowledge, improve service quality, ensure that train attendants with a good mental outlook, more professional standards of business quality, to take up every flight work, to provide passengers with better service.
6 people denied involvement in the sale of fake Grand Maka newspaper raw paper case to a high court hearing
Six men suspected of forging and selling our passports, paper and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Register Office and a Dato-level businessman, were handed over on Thursday when a magistrate approved charges against human trafficking and anti-trafficking in migrants and referred them to a high court.
The defense lawyer, Li Zhenhua, who originally represented the Datto Chinese defendant, and Rael, a member of congress from the Sunset Cave District, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the defendant, who no longer represented the defendant and was approved in court.
He said he had drawn criticism from political opponents for representing the defendant and that his party was implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to vilify the Action Party and the Greek Union Government or other Greek League leaders, so this decision was taken after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between the defendant on behalf of the defendant and being a member of Parliament, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the defendants, and that the defendant, Li Zhenhua, had not been convicted so far.
The six defendants were charged in court on 12 September this year with a number of charges under section 26E of the Anti-Trafficking and Anti-Trafficking Immigration Act and section 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents) and have not been granted bail pending trial.
On Thursday, two district court judges, Nosha, and Mazlan, after their arguments in the prosecution, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges of the six defendants to the high court on charges of anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration laws, while the charges of forgery will be heard in the District Court on October 3, pending the prosecution's transfer of documents to the defence.
The judge denied bail after the six defendants were arrested under the National Security Crimes (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA).
Peers with the motherland - Sketch of a party of the Armed Police Force
Jinqiu, the parade training ground, the average height of 1.83 meters of officers and soldiers composed of the armed police force a party, training is busy.
Shiny guns, unique olive greens and bright red shoulders make up a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this party, feel the armed police officers and soldiers always do the party and the people's loyalty to the determination of the guards and their "honor first" feelings and pursuit.
"Dreams shine on a glorious life, write the immortal legend of a new era ... "This is the team song created collectively by the officers and soldiers of the party team - "With the motherland".
In the team, this song is the motto of every team member.
Qi Xiaoguang, who stands at 1.92 meters, stands out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police Flag Guard, he had a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of a soldier comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as a flag-bearer, training has been high standards and strict requirements.
He tied sandbags to practice stereotypes, stuck with stopwatch to practice pace, blindfolded to practice stride, against the wind to practice stability.
In his "dynamite career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
A flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, and came to watch the flag-raising ceremony of the tourists did not leave.
At the moment the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the benchmark soldier.
The standard of action of the benchmark soldier and the dynamo flag-bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced, dynamite flag bearers and benchmark soldiers line progress frequency although only more than 20 steps difference, training but to pay more efforts.
The benchmark is the first in the first row, which directly determines the level of neatness of the square.
After the parade focused on training, he repeatedly kicked his legs every day, practicing a kick-kick hard work.
In the demonstration demonstration, his precise stride, pace won the applause of the officers and soldiers.
In the team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of the soldier Zhu Xudong took part in the 50th anniversary parade 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps to become a member of the team, he suffered setbacks time and time again, but never discouraged.
He said , " Being able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept ingress from the Party and the people is the glory of my life . " "
Into the party honor room, "capital stability elite division" 8 big words into the eye.
Fang team political committee Wang Qian introduced, fang team members are all from the Armed Police Beijing General Team - this is a glorious tradition of the army, has been responsible for the founding of the National Congress, the National Day celebrations, the Party's National Congress security and the capital's anti-terrorism stability and other major tasks, to cultivate a "flag guard" "national hero squadron" and a large number of British model collective and individual, has more than 50 units and individuals by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force awarded honorary titles.
A reception of foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was attended by Han Zheng and delivered a speech
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th, attended by Han Zheng, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier
On behalf of the Chinese government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng first expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening-up and modernization drive.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially over the past 40 years of reform and opening-up, the Communist Party of China has united and led the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country to work hard and successfully walked out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, ushering in a great leap from standing up and getting rich to getting strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of the CPC, the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, has comprehensively promoted the overall layout of the "Five-One", coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, promoted the party and the national cause to achieve historic achievements, brought about historic changes, and entered a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
The development achievements of New China in the 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups, and also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization, making indelible contributions that Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, innovation is the first driving force" and vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy to promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factors, China will accelerate the training of a large number of international level of strategic scientific and technological personnel, science and technology leaders, young scientific and technological personnel and high-level innovation team.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause of learning to the world, and a cause of cooperation with other countries in the world.
China will learn from the peoples of the world with a more open and inclusive attitude and firmly implement a more active, open and effective policy of introducing talents.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start a business, and welcome talented people from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive and make greater contributions to the building of a community of human destiny and the cause of world peace and progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by Minister of Science and Technology Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by foreign experts who have worked in China for a long time, representatives of foreign experts working in China and spouses, relevant departments of the central and state organs, and comrades in charge of Beijing, a total of about 1,800 people.
The deepest shaft main well of our railway is dug into the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27 (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., China's railway's first long tunnel - big (li) Rui (Li) railway Gao Ligongshan tunnel No. 1 shaft main well 27 successfully dug into the end, the depth of 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of the domestic railway shaft.
In the tunnel construction, the shaft can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improving the efficiency of the accident, and ensuring the safety of construction.
Song Tao , chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Darui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau , said : " After the successful excavation of the main shaft of the No. 1 shaft of the Gao Ligong Shan Tunnel will help to promote the construction of the underground vehicle yard , open a number of working surfaces for the later construction of the positive hole and the flat guide , and speed up the construction progress of the entire Gao LigongShan Tunnel . " "
Song Tao introduced, Gao Ligong Mountain Tunnel No. 1 shaft construction using drilling method, equipped with well-drilling, drilling well stable car, drilling well winch, the overall mobile metal template, FJD-6A type umbrella drill, center swing rock drill and other large specialized machinery Formed a mechanized excavation system, blastsystem system, suspension system, winch lifting system and other "four-system integrated" mechanized assembly line, the realization of eye-opening, blasting, blasting, template installation, concrete pouring and other process mechanized operations, greatly accelerated the construction progress.
It is understood that the DaRui Railway east of Dali, west to Ruili, a total length of about 331 kilometers, the design speed of 140 kilometers per hour, is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Railway Passage.
The total length of the Gao Ligong Mountain Tunnel is 34.538 km, which is the first long tunnel of China's railway.
TV drama "Fox Hunting" field scene re-creates the first line of detective police style
Transnational pursuit of the subject story of the drama "Fox Hunting" recently in Tianjin Airport field scene, Wang Kai, Wang Gu and other actors on-site filming escort in the economic criminal suspects at large to return home and other important dramas, the filming process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The fox hunting crew at the airport filmed the most can show the "fox hunting operation" law enforcement results of the key code - fox hunting operations team members to pursue the fugitives back home, escorted off the plane, signed arrest warrants and so on.
The crew took a view of the tarmac, customs border inspection and aircraft cabin, door and other sets of footage, reproducing China's first-line detective stoic police and fox-hunting heroes flying in many countries, the arrest of fugitive criminals of the arduous course and professional style.
In order to successfully complete the film, the fox hunt team did a lot of preparatory work, repeatedly confirmed each execution detail, to ensure that the most authentic and most direct visual effects.
It is reported that the play will also be in foreign countries in many places to shoot.
Vietnam should take good care of opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to assess and rank cities' level of AI wave readiness include prospects, achievement capacity, asset base and direction of development.
Singapore is number one, followed by cities such as the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman organization expert For Mohsin Pivana in response to an interview with reporters said: "In reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I think it makes a lot of sense.
Overall, I think Vietnam's future is bright against the backdrop of high growth rates, strong economic development and rapid development of the talent base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and is doing well.
It is important that Vietnam knows how to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote a more developed economy . "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's work, communication and lifestyle.
It brings greater efficiency, but it also poses a threat to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study by Oliver Wyman, there are only cities in the world today that are ready for the breakthroughs of the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to be here to celebrate China's 70th anniversary and congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
"Every time I visit China, I'm shocked by the speed of change and progress, " Guterres said.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped lift more than 850 million people out of poverty , the largest poverty-relief achievement in history. "
He said that in its vision of achieving the Millennium Development Goals, China had witnessed transformative results: declining infant and maternal mortality, improved nutrition, reduced stunting, and half fewer people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world to visit
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at united Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said this year is also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key player in the work of the United Nations and a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest contributor to the regular and peacekeeping budgets of the United Nations, China has been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "blue helmets" in South Sudan.
"As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary , we need to re-establish a global partnership to support a multilateral solution to the global crisis , " Guterres said .
I look forward to China's continued commitment and engagement in building a better world for all . "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, Chinese people's hard work and create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, Chinese people have been walking with the world.
China's achievements are not only achievements of China, but also achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, the brilliant achievements made and the contribution made to the world.
UN News Photo/Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity, and China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan, or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
Rapid economic development, social peace and stability, the people live and work in peace.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the construction of ecological civilization Chinese people, the story of peaceful development, the development of the "Belt and Road" initiative, there is the story of the community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, the Green Water Green Mountain is the Silver Mountain of the Golden Mountain.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries in the world, plays a role in solving hot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the unprecedented changes in the world in a hundred years, China actively upholds the international system with the United Nations as its core.
Through 70 years, China is young, high-spirited, and beautiful, no matter how the international climate changes, we will adhere to their own initial heart.
Wang Yi Meets with Malawi's Foreign Minister Kasera
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi's Foreign Minister Marcela on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York on The 26th local time.
Wang Yi said that since the establishment of diplomatic ties 12 years ago, bilateral relations have developed in a healthy and stable manner and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have been steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and the two heads of state held fruitful meetings to lead China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is ready to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus reached by the two heads of state and the outcomes of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and push forward the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is ready to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Cassella said China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest and develop in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming "Eleven" Golden Week!
A number of tourism platform data show that China's tourism consumer market supply and demand two prosperity.
Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, with reference to previous National Day tourism statistics, the number of domestic tourists expected to reach 800 million this year," and more than 7.5 million outbound trips.
At present, there are more than 500 cities through the tourists to book with the group tour, free travel, custom tourism, local play and other products, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the China Tourism Research Institute, last year's National Day holiday received 726 million domestic tourists, an increase of 9.43 percent year-on-year.
This year's National Day holiday will not only set a new high number of tourists, consumption upgrade will also become the National Day holiday travel "themain melody."
Ctrip reported that the National Day holiday domestic cross-provincial tourism per capita spending more than 3000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year, because tourists generally choose to experience better products, such as high-rated brand hotels, no shopping tours, exquisite small groups, special car guide.
Donkey mother travel network booking data show a similar trend, the domestic long line in the use of comfortable models, less than ten people "private group" more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer to re-experience, heavy service, heavy differentiation of the "slow line."
The pig data show that the fastest growth in tourist bookings in China's fourth-tier and below cities was 30 % YoY, reflecting the upgrading of household consumption in more regions of China.
Personalization is a feature of this year's "Eleven" Golden Week tour.
Ctrip data show that orders for self-driving tours for car hire during the National Day holiday are expected to grow by nearly 60 % year-on-year , while short-distance self-driving tours exploring the surrounding niche routes continue to be popular , and the number of private groups registering has increased by 155 % year-on-year .
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of the National Day holiday visitors are parent-child groups, 25% are couples travel, 23% are colleagues and friends to travel together.
Also from the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" accounted for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the faster growth of the golden week in the past, the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching".
According to the pig data , the number of people booking domestic travel routes during this year's National Day holiday increased by 42 % year-on-year , outpacing outbound travel .
Industry analysis, in the strong demand at the same time, the country to promote tourism supply-side reform, to provide tourists with a richer "cultural travel."
For example, the State General Administration of Sports, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly issued the "11 thin-year Golden Week Sports Tourism Boutique Route" in 2019, the Shanghai Tourism Festival is being held in 2019 to launch 7 sectors of 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate, near the Golden Week, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces to introduce scenic ticket price reduction or free measures.
Ctrip booking data show that the domestic destination with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics is the most "fire", Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination city.
China's first live-streaming cinema film, "This Moment - Celebrating the 70th Birthday of New China", will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces across the country on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast live on the big screen the 70th anniversary celebrations, military parades and mass marches of the founding of New China via 4K Ultra HD signals.
The head of the Central Radio and Television Station in Beijing on the 27th, the National Day, the main station will build more than a hundred seats, and along Chang'an Street and the celebration area commanding heights laid more than 200 sound-picking equipment, the use of lens language and contemporaneous sound, the first time to achieve the full process, full elements 4K ultra-high-definition and 5.1 surround sound live.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
China is facing a severe pork shortage following the outbreak of swine fever in Africa and is on track to become Australia's biggest beef export market, according to an animal protein analyst at Rabobank.
Chinese consumers are shifting from pork consumption to other animal proteins since the outbreak, which has led authorities to destroy many herds, and the number of pigs in The country has halved in the past year and pork prices have almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, senior animal protein analyst at Co-operative Bank of The Netherlands in China, said demand for other meats, including beef, has increased, with China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently importing 27 percent of the world's pork and 24 percent of the world's beef imports.
In the first half of this year , China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65 % , and China overtook the United States and Japan as Australia's largest beef export market , Ms. Pan said .
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party's rule.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper said that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the peoples of the world.
The white paper says China promotes world peace and development through its own development.
As the world's largest developing country, China is determined to go its own way, concentrate its efforts on doing its own thing, make the country richer and richer, the people happier, and inject stability and certainty into a complex and changeable world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics.
China has always taken economic construction as the center of its development as its key to the country, unswervingly followed the road of high-quality development, implemented the new concept of innovation, coordination, greenness, openness and sharing, accelerated the construction of a modern economic system, and better met the growing needs of the people for a better life.
It is always the biggest goal of China's development to let ordinary people live a good life.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"Chinese people want to live a good life not only for them, but also for people in other countries. "
China adheres to the development of innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the construction of the Belt and Road, and promotes global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a strong supporter.
China is ready to work with the international community to take the initiative to strengthen guidance and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive strategy of opening up, create a more comprehensive, in-depth and more yuan-oriented opening-up pattern, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and take concrete actions to safeguard and promote economic globalization.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism, and the door to opening up to the outside world will widen, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the RMB.
The white paper states that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations as its core, the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations as its core, and work with all countries to uphold multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Maintaining fairness and justice is the basic criterion for China to deal with international problems.
China respects the development path and social system chosen by all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes interference by external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says China is actively participating in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations, not only seeing China's development requirements for the world, but also seeing the expectations of the international community towards China and actively participating in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional setting and mode of operation, better fulfills its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and plays a greater role in safeguarding world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovation and development of the concept of global governance, sums up the successful practice and experience of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive ways of life in Chinese culture, the concept of governance and the resonance point of the present era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, The Chinese Program and China's strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: China has never been absent from helping Africa achieve peace and security.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council's "Peace and Security in Africa" public meeting at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Wang Yi said in his speech that China and Africa are good friends, brothers and good partners.
China has never been absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security.
At this very moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 convoys of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa's ability to strengthen peace and security.
The China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund, announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, has focused on supporting peacekeeping in Africa, combating terrorism and achieving sustainable development, and has so far carried out 34 non-African projects as a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk side by side.
The world's oldest barber has died at the age of 108, cutting his hair for 96 years.
New York, New York, the world's oldest barber (Anthony Mancinelli), who has never retired to  a daily haircut, died of complications from lower jaw cancer on the 19th, saying goodbye to his 96-year-old haircut.
Mancinelli immigrated to the U.S. when he was 8 years old, helped clean the floor at a barber's shop and began picking up scissors to serve guests at the age of 12 to ease the financial pressure on his family, CNN reported.
Mancinelli was in elementary school at the time, but did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son, Robert, revealed that his father loved his job and people from all over the world, but although he was healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February and was unable to work for six weeks before his death due to physical reasons, but it wasn't retirement because he planned to wait until he got better and get his hair cut back.
Robert, 82, says he now has to find a new barber after his father's death because he has had his father help with hair cuts all his life.
Listed companies buybacks exceed 100 billion yuan in a record year - Xinhua
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies in the last two years began to frequently buy back shares, through targeted repurchase, pooled bidding transactions and other means, hope to the company's undervalued this information to the market, thereby stabilizing the stock price, enhance investor confidence.
Oriental Wealth Choice data show that in 2017 listed companies used to buy back shares of 7.9 billion yuan, in 2018 surged to 51 billion yuan, since 2019, the total amount of A-share listed companies repurchase implementation of more than 100 billion yuan, a record a record a record a number of A-share repurchase funds, and far more than the previous year.
From the purpose of repurchase, the company buys back shares and the majority shareholders increase the holding stake seems the same, but in the implementation of the main body, the source of funds, the purpose of the repurchase, the stock itself, such as the interests and interests of a large difference.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai MeiKerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., told The Securities Daily in an interview that the "Opinion on Supporting Listed Companies to Buy Back Shares" issued in November 2018 was repaired in view of the existing system of narrow scope of share repurchases, complicated decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory systems.
In January this year, the SSE and Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the Regulations on the Implementation of Share Repurchases by Listed Companies, which have broadened the sources of funds for repurchases of listed companies, appropriately simplified the implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged all types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee shareholding plans.
After the introduction of opinions, listed companies to carry out share repurchase operations, with more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is easier, share repurchase enthusiasm is also greater.
Buyback of shares in a relatively low position is also conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, improve the return on net assets, reduce the pressure on the company's earnings indicators.
Compared with the increase of large shareholders, the company buyback shares is more significant, but also reflects the listed company's active market value management will and cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervaluation of the stock price is the main factor of the repurchase of listed companies, the company's share price has not reflected the future development prospects of the company, so such companies deserve investors' attention, but can not blindly invest, need to pay attention to the financial results of such listed companies and the specific business situation.
There are large-scale repurchase behavior of listed companies, at least shows the company's development confidence and financial strength.
A-share listed companies buy back enthusiasm gradually heats up, but also make the buyback behavior normal, data show that there are nearly a thousand listed companies in this year's implementation of share repurchase, and the leading companies in various industries to become the main force in the repurchase market.
Ping An recently disclosed the repurchase progress, said that the company through the centralized bidding transaction has accumulated 57.59 million shares of A shares, accounting for 0.315 percent of the company's total share capital, the total amount of funds paid 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs), the repurchase of shares will be used for the employee shareholding plan, including but not limited to the company's shareholders' meeting has been approved by the long-term service plan.
Yili shares have paid 5,792 million yuan for share repurchase, and in the near future to adjust the use of share repurchase, from the original plan "repurchase shares will be used as a source of stock for the later implementation of equity incentive" to "cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares for the implementation of equity incentive stakes, the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used to write off to reduce the registered capital."
Yili said the write-off of some of the repurchased shares would help further improve earnings per share and effectively improve the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group on September 25 issued a repurchase progress announcement, TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares, a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
TCL Group's board of directors office told The Securities Daily that the shares will be used for employee shareholding plans, equity incentives or corporate bonds that can be converted into shares issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improve competitiveness, sustained and healthy development.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and the maintenance of the interests of investors, combined with the performance of the company's stock in the secondary market over the past year, and taking into account the company's operating conditions and financial situation and other factors, the Company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the Company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of listed companies to buy back shares, on the one hand, can reduce the number of shares in circulation in the market, increase the earnings per share of listed companies, for the secondary market share price is an important positive;
Repurchases of domestic listed companies have gradually increased in recent years, especially in high-performing stocks, and it is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share repurchases, and it is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, a member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Committee and secretary of the Changsha Municipal Committee, and The four leaders of the Xiangjun in the construction machinery manufacturing - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Jinggen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - three or five years later to build a world-leading level of engineering machinery industry cluster.
In Changsha to build the world's leading level of engineering machinery industry cluster, in the current fashionable words, is to create "the strongest surface."
As the capital city of inland, Changsha shouted out this rhetoric, where does the bottom of the gas come?
With the strength of the bully side leakage.
The dialogue of the four engineering machinery Xiang enterprises, each hand, covering the sky, underground, sea, land all areas: mountain and river intelligent light aircraft, the concrete transport pump of Zhonglian Heavy Branch, Sany Heavy Industries full-ground crane, iron construction heavy industry tunnel shield machine, its "hard strength" can be described as one-step world, proud group.
Once upon a time, China had little voice in the field of construction machinery manufacturing.
Time-shifting, Chinese enterprises "introduced" "going out" two-wheel drive, take the "Belt and Road" initiative of the east wind, acquisition, merger, plant and so on, a leap into the global construction machinery industry leader.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industries, Zhonglian Heavy Branch, Iron Construction Heavy Industries, Shanhe Intelligence and other leading enterprises in engineering machinery, its output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators, has been significantly ahead of similar enterprises.
It's the camera that moves with the momentum.
The "Four King Kongs" of Xiangjun, the construction machinery industry is the leader of Changsha engineering machinery industry cluster, and is also the head enterprise of the global construction machinery industry.
In the global industry, who lives down, and live well, is the hard heart of the speech.
In the early years, the global construction machinery industry suffered from the cold winter, many international well-known engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises have fallen down, but Changsha's construction machinery manufacturing enterprises to "cat winter" as "winter swimming", self-pressure, self-breakthrough, through the transformation of industrial structure, from manufacturing to intellectual transformation, not only to the past, but also more strong body bone.
With the stars of the month of the government and enterprises to give the same force.
The development of advantageous industries requires both enterprises to be proactive and for the government to act actively.
Changsha has the "engineering machinery capital" reputation, lies in the convergence of the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, to create a number of related industrial clusters, and through the optimization of the business environment, improve supporting services, simplify the approval process and other management initiatives, enterprise research and development, manufacturing, sales costs greatly reduced.
Good business ecology, so that the construction machinery manufacturing enterprises come.
History has been Changsha to build the world's leading level of engineering machinery for the front, when I do not wait, when rendoun not allow.
Whether it is the government, or enterprises, and even related to the production and research and other links, should seize the opportunity, the trend up, set the goal, continue to exert efforts, in order to build a manufacturing power to contribute to Hunan's strength.
Wang Yi chaired a meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
China stands firmly with its African brothers, past, present and future.
Our initiative to hold this foreign ministers' meeting is a concrete step to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September, to strengthen China's solidarity and cooperation with African countries in the Security Council, and to promote the international community to better support Africa for peace and development.
Wang Yi said Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to the vast majority of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is ready to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity to resolve disputes, rely on self-reliance for self-reliance, and rely on development to govern the fundamentals.
The foreign ministers of the African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene the meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and that Africa and China have always been the most trusted and reliable partners.
The African side appreciates China's important and active role as a permanent member of the Security Council in African affairs, which has strongly promoted a just and reasonable solution to African issues and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding Africa's interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At a time when Africa is faced with the threat of terrorism and extremism, it can truly achieve long-term peaceful development only if security issues are addressed.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening solidarity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support the preservation of multilateralism, the strengthening of the authority and role of the United Nations, the principles and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and the rejection of unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen Mutual Support and Cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council to safeguard the common interests of China and the developing countries in general; To help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development, we firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries, and oppose any country to create obstacles for developing countries and deprive them of the right to achieve development.
Gansu Qingyang: Lake sheep come to "get out of poverty."
Autumn in September renders the loess plateau.
In the Yimin Farming Professional Cooperative in Puma Town, 58-year-old villager Shaswili filled the feeding grooves in the sheep's enclosure with the last straw, kept at the edge of the groove, and watched the white lake sheep chew.
"Eat well, and so autumn and winter are full of slugs, out of the column to sell a good price." "
Shaveley said that he feeds sheep "special nutrition meals" every day , regularly cleaning , sterilizing and disinfecting , carefully waiting for them to slow down .
Shaveli kept sheep for more than 20 years, until he came to work in a cooperative, and didn't know how extensive sheep used to be.
Shavili is a native of the village of Xia Shuichi in The town of Puma in Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His left neighbor son-in-right are sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional way of breeding, poor quality of sheep, small amount of column.
In June, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor families in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shavelli spent all day digging into farming, because he was always in the heart of a strong.
The people who share the shares are poor households, they all put the sheep to the cooperative, the end of the year can not pay dividends, sell the price, can count on him.
Fortunately, under the guidance of technical personnel, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, has become the village's few breeding "good-handed".
The Yimin Farming Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
The head of the cooperative, Yu Tao, said that the standardized sheep shedinsides inside and outside, are very doorways.
"The wool thick, easy to breed bacteria, the lake sheep in the sultry wet place to stay, sheep shed must be built in three sides around the ditch place, but also have to be fitted with a fan to ventilate heat dissipation." "
In order to prevent the epidemic, also need to regularly spray the sheep shed disinfection, to the sheep in the first quarter of three to four vaccination needles.
"Little fat sheep" in addition to live well, but also to eat with silage corn, wheat grass, grass and other mixed grass, and there is enough wide "playground" stretch.
Cooperatives take the method of custody and breeding, guide local farmers to put good species of lake sheep here, unified breeding, management, marketing, to achieve good seeding, scientific, standardized, intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares, each household dividend of more than 6000 yuan per year, there are four file-based lika poverty relief object in the cooperative work.
From "mountain grazing" to "precision feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "look at body size, touch belly" to "do B super one by one" ... ... In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep farming is not only a change in feeding methods, "leading enterprises and cooperatives and farmers" model has changed the once "sheep on the hillside, the market to sell sheep" scene, overcoming the traditional agricultural and pastoral weak scattered, farmers' poor days because of modern sheep farming has become better.
If the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise, Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., will be acquired at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram, helping farmers to spread market risk, Mr. Zou said.
Xu Jianfeng, general counsel of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Pastoral Development Co., Ltd., said that enterprises through the provision of loan guarantees for poor households, sheep supply, order breeding, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales services, leading more and more poor households to read the "sheep book."
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a stable increase in income through "joining" the forage farming, breeding, scale breeding, slaughtering division and marketing.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral interlaced belt, rich in forage resources.
At present, the city has 913 large-scale farms, cooperatives, meat and sheep breeding volume of more than 5 million, but also the construction of two 1.3 million meat and sheep slaughter scale processing lines, sheep are becoming the industry poverty alleviation "leader".
French finance minister says tax cuts will be more than 10 billion euros next year and calls on Germany to follow suit
PARIS, Sept 26 (Reuters) - France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday, while Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive its flagging economy.
Introducing France's 2020 budget, Mr. Le Maire said the ECB's latest monetary easing move created an opportunity for resilient governments to invest more.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to record lows on September 12th and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs in the hope of stimulating the recovery and pushing up inflation.
"Low interest rates will not allow Europe to return to prosperity, and monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough, " Mr Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, and it needs it now, as soon as possible." Don't wait for the situation to get worse before you act," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany on many occasions.
France has already implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, giving a big boost to its economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, with export-dependent Germany bearing the brunt.
Mr Le Maire said the tax burden on French households would be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including a 5 billion euro tax cut.
In addition, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by almost 1 billion euros as the corporate tax rate is gradually reduced from 33.3 per cent to 25 per cent over a five-year period.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently gave important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of martyrs' mausoleums.
In order to carry out the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping in depth and to promote the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission have issued the General Work Programme for the Planning, Construction, Construction and Renovation of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities.
The Work Programme is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, defines the objectives of the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, proposes to plan and build a good memorial facility for martyrs, improve the system of promoting the spirit of the Red Education Base of Ying Li, repair and protect the martyrs' memorial facilities, create a strong social atmosphere that respects the martyrs' honor, manage and maintain the martyrs memorial facilities, and form a complete organizational and guarantee management system.
The Work Programme clearly states that we should strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities in accordance with the principles of overall arrangementand and long-term perspective, make efforts to improve the leadership system mechanism and improve the system of policies and regulations;
The Work Programme emphasizes the need to improve the system and organizational guarantees, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, actively cooperate with relevant units, and participate widely in the society; Experts, scholars and young students actively participate in the explanation and order maintenance of martyrs memorial facilities, improve the mechanism of social participation, adhere to government-led and diversified input, and actively advocate and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the restoration and protection of martyrs memorial facilities.
Study: U.S. National Healthy Eating Index Grows Slightly but Still Challenging - XINHUA
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. government's healthy eating index has grown moderately over the past 16 years, from 56 to 58, according to a new U.S. study.
But with a full score of 100, it's not worth celebrating.
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the study's authors, Dr. Fangfang Zhang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said Americans still eat too much food that could cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, the most common diseasein u.S. citizens.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on April 24.
The study is based on the findings of a U.S. government health survey of 44,000 adults conducted between 1999 and 2016.
"Despite significant improvements, significant dietary challenges remain, " the authors write.
These challenges are known to include getting U.S. citizens to cut back on snacks, hot dogs, fat cows, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that people's daily dietary intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5 percent to 12 percent, exceeding the recommended 10 percent intake limit.
The biggest improvement in the U.S. national diet was a reduction in sugar intake from 16 percent to about 14 percent , but the intake was still too high .
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar scann saued at less than 10 % in the daily diet .
Researchers believe it is related to a reduction in people's consumption of sweet soda, but Zhang stressed that sugars are often added to even less-than-sweet foods such as yogurt and ketchup.
U.S. adults have a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole grain categories.
However, data for 2016 show that these foods still account for less than 5 % of the daily diet.
Despite a slight reduction in salt intake and a reduction in drinking fruit juice leading to a low-quality carbohydrate intake, Zhang said they still account for up to 42 percent of daily calories, many of them from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on a biennial personal health survey that asked adults to recall what they had eaten in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have been asking this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's dietary guidelines for U.S. residents recommend a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce their risk of chronic disease.
The guidelines say people should consume more nutritious foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and protein-provided seafood, lean meat, poultry, eggs, and seeds.
The number of Americans with diabetes nearly doubled during the study period, more than 7 percent, and obesity rates increased over many years of the study -- about 70 percent of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Members of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee, Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee and Minister of Economy of the CPC Central Committee, Yu Wenping, led the delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close cooperation between the EU and asia-Pacific partners, the theme of the forum was "Eu-Asia Interface: Building a Bridge for a Sustainable Future".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the EU's docking strategy on two continents.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said the strengthening of docking was part of the idea because of the benefits to the peoples and economies involved.
These relations have helped to bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to send a message about increasing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary meeting.
The country's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary set up with science and technology to empower the management business
On the 26th, Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Financial Co., Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao, which is the first joint-stock banking financial subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of fintech, the establishment of a financial management subsidiary is conducive to its use of technology to enhance the management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively issued a notice that it had been approved by the Bank of China Insurance Commission to set up a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24th, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Financial Has been officially approved to open its doors.
Just 2 days later, Everbright Bank led a number of joint-stock banks, taking the lead in Qingdao to set up Everbright Financial Management.
Everbright Group Chairman Li Xiaopeng said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, the use of modern scientific and technological thinking and means, relying on big data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, improve customer awareness, happiness and security.
By 2021, establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial science and technology development, further enhance the application capability of science and technology in the financial industry, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Everbright Financial Chairman Zhang Xuyang introduced, Everbright Financial Management's management platform will use intelligent investment, intelligent investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial to better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will be applied to grasp the direction and trends from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Xixuan, a special researcher at the National Financial and Development Laboratory, said that in the new competitive situation facing the capital management industry, fintech companies and management institutions will use capital management technology to jointly explore new growth paths.
The financial technology and technology empowerment management industry is not only the need of the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but also injects new vitality and vitality into the development of capital management business.
At the beginning of this year, JD.com Digital Technology launched a new management technology system, with the help of technology and digital means to enhance the management of product research and development and wind control capabilities.
The new system starts with the four capabilities of product design, sales transaction, asset management and risk assessment to improve the overall intelligent operation level of the management industry.
Experts believe that management technology in order to enhance customer service capacity, innovation and rich products, but also to enhance risk prevention capabilities, improve the efficiency of management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past through questionnaires to target customers' risk appetite is prone to bias, and now the use of artificial intelligence for user portraits, help to better locate customers, according to the customer's investment preferences to launch the corresponding products, help to defuse the risk.
"E-commerce, space-time data and other alternative big data can help us better carve a region, an industry of activity, business climate." "
Zhang Xuyang said that while addressing risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities.
China's railway tunnel shaft record is set for the deepest
China News Agency Baoshan September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu for The State Zhou Jingbo) after more than 1200 days of day and night construction, in the construction of the University (Li) Rui (Li) Railway Gao Ligongshan Tunnel No. 1 shaft completed on the 27th, the depth of the well reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the record for the deepest of china's railway tunnel shafts, and this is in a large number of water in the case of the creation.
The 34.5-kilometer-long Grand Rui Railway Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, located in Yunnan, runs from the coast of the South Bank to the Gaoligong Mountain Range, and is the longest tunnel in Asia on the double-line single-hole.
The tunnel runs through 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1,155 metres, and because it covers almost all the adverse geology and significant risks that tunnel construction may encounter, the Mount Gaoligon Tunnel is known as the "Geological Museum" for tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary pit road of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel, which is responsible for the important task of increasing the working surface to achieve "long tunnel short play" and the later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of the No. 1 shaft to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gao Ligong Mountain Tunnel into the horizontal tunnel construction, to the bottom of the well after excavation and equipment replacement, the underground can be added 4 operating surfaces, speed up the tunnel tunnel excavation speed.
"The shaft is all in the granite formation, because the granite formation cracks more, can not stop the water, from top to bottom flow non-stop, basically how much deep water pressure of the well is how much. "
China Railway Tunnel Bureau, The Chief Engineer of the Project Department of The Great Rui Railway, Shi Jingxuan, told reporters that the construction of the shaft, many times occurred sudden mud surge water, collapse and other dangerous situations, the construction side invited experts to the scene to pulse, more than 20 discussions and treatment programs.
"When the maximum water surge in the shaft, it reached more than 300 cubic meters per hour, more than 700 meters deep at the bottom of the well, the water pressure is equivalent to 700 meters deep under the sea floor. "
"If we don't pump and drain in time , we will flood the well for 10 meters in one hour , and we spend almost 85% of our time treating the water and 15% of the time digging in , " Mr. Shi said . "
In order to overcome the geological problems such as vertical conservation development, sudden mud surge water and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts the systematic water control measures combining "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of the No. 1 shaft formed a drilling system, hair-out system, suspension system, winch lifting system and other mechanized assembly lines, to achieve eye-opening, blasting, blasting, template installation, concrete pouring and other mechanized operations, speed up the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
The 330-kilometer-long Dawei Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Passage and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the Belt and Road.
After the completion of the opening, Dali to Ruili travel time will be reduced from the current highway of 6 hours, shortened to 2 hours, will greatly improve the transportation pattern in the western region, to promote economic and trade cooperation between China and Southeast Asian countries in South Asia and people friendly exchanges play a role in promoting.
Lin Zhengyue: As a Chinese proud of the achievements of the country
The Hong Kong press celebrates the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
The Hong Kong press celebrated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China on the 27th in Hong Kong.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, said that the country's achievements over the past 70 years were evident to the world and we are proud of our Chinese.
Lin Zhengyue, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Special Envoy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Political Committee Member of the PEOPLE's Liberation Army Forces in Hong Kong Chen Aden, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Press Preparatory Committee for the Celebration of the National Day, Jiang Yuzhong, attended the reception and served as guests.
Lin Zhengyue said that China has made great progress in the past 70 years, and even though it has faced many difficult challenges, it has overcome its transcendence one by one and the achievements of the world have been visible to all, and we are proud of our Chinese.
Since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, it has been closely linked with the Mainland, making progress together and sharing fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to play its advantages in the future, grasp the opportunities of the Belt and Road And Guangdong-Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Bay Area and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months there had been a lot of social controversy in Hong Kong, with every hong Kongperson affected and journalists facing different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that our friends in the press will continue to rise to the challenge, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news coverage for the community and do our part for the future of Hong Kong to return to rational communication and dialogue.
Jiang said in his speech that the glorious course that New China has gone through is also the course of Hong Kong's development, common progress, blood ties, honor and common ness with the motherland.
Especially since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central People's Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, Hong Kong had witnessed a series of violent acts that were blatantly illegal and wanton, and that some media outlets had published distorted and false reports that contributed to the violence.
He called on the media to stir up the situation and create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and uphold the rule of law.
Professional media people should abide by the norms of the journalism profession, with real reports and responsible speech to guide the public to consciously and violently cut off, and safeguard the fairness and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised a glass with the guests to wish the people of China the 70th anniversary of its founding.
Reporters from the Xining Municipal Committee Propaganda Department learned that Xining City will be implemented on October 1st, "Xining City Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations", focusing on pedestrians do not follow the traffic lights instructions to pass, throw items from the building, such as 15 kinds of uncivilized behavior, make a list of key governance, and set the corresponding punishment.
Wang Shengbin, vice-minister of the propaganda department of Xining Municipal Committee and director of the city's civilization office, said that since Xining City won the title of a national civilized city in 2017, the level of civilcivilization literacy and morality has improved significantly.
However, pedestrians cross the road, run red lights, non-motorized vehicles do not follow the traffic lights to pass, high-altitude parabola, window parabola, public places smoking, walking dogs in public places and allowed to urinate and other uncivilized behavior is still very prominent, and easy to rebound, need to be resolved as soon as possible.
Regulations combined with Xining's actual, from public places, public order, public facilities, public sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, the construction of civilized campus, promote civilized family construction, the implementation of official duties, the commemoration of heroes and martyrs, medical services and other aspects, to individuals and units of civilized code of conduct put forward a more comprehensive and higher standard of requirements, so that the whole society understand "what can be done" "advocate what" and "prohibit what".
"The formulation of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of the cognitive field of civilized behavior, and comprehensive norms for citizens' behavior, home keeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, wedding and funeral ritual sweeps, etc., will provide a strong guarantee of the rule of law for the normalization of the work of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City." "
Qiu Waijun, secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of Xining, said.
Tonight, Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed operation - China New Network
Beijing News (Reporter Yan Jianfei) today (September 27) afternoon, Beijing Metro Company issued a notice that from September 27 to October 7, line 1, line 2 and line 7 extended the last bus operation date will be adjusted.
During the delay, metro lines 1 and 2 will last until the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes to leave.
Line 1 extends the operation time of 61 minutes, the east to west extends the operating time 64 minutes, the last bus departure time along the stations are after 00:30 the next day;
The last bus departure time of Beijing West Station (to coking plant station) on Line 7 was extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the last bus departure time of the coking plant station (to Beijing West Station) was extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist's car keys fall into lake, family trapped in France for five days
A couple in Wales, England, who were on holiday in France with their two children, accidentally dropped their car keys into a lake and forced their families to wait five days to get their new keys.
The couple then left France with their children.
On September 16, local time, the British family was visiting a lake in France when her daughter accidentally knocked over a purse and dropped the car keys into the lake.
But it took them hours and they couldn't find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before setting off, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage and re-order the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourist finally got the keys to the match, and the couple left France with their children.
Their planned journey was cancelled due to the loss of car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalizes tourist visas for 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From now on, Saudi Arabia officially opened tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, the visa fee for a total of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 yuan).
Visitors are required to prepare a medical insurance plan covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing sign at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic sign at visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic sign for a year multiple entry, can allow tourists to stay up to 90 days.
Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country for ordinary tourists, because it never issues tourist visas.
Saudi Arabia, led by Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, has advanced its Vision 2030 initiative in recent years to reduce the country's long-term dependence on oil, with open tourism and tourism being an important part of the country's development.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Yashenko of Belarus is on a working visit to Vietnam's Hing'an province.
During the meeting, The Party Secretary of Xing'an Province, Du Jinshi, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
THE COMPLETION AND PRODUCTION OF THE MAZASIA AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTION AND INSTALLATION PLANT IS AN IMPORTANT STEP IN THE COOPERATION BETWEEN THE TWO COUNTRIES' ENTERPRISES AND HELPS TO PROMOTE THE COOPERATION BETWEEN XING'AN PROVINCE AND EVEN VIETNAM AND BELARUS.
The party secretary of Xing'an Province, Du Jinshi, said that Xing'an Province has been creating facilities for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province, and hopes that Belarus will take more powerful measures in the future to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an Province and Vietnam, and to assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Yashenko expressed his gratitude to Xing'an Province for the recent facilitation of the production and operation activities of Belarusian enterprises.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide facilities for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Yashenko and his delegation attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automotive production and installation plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as low-risk varieties of food production licensing, and delegate the handling of representative offices of foreign enterprises to the FTZ
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New District Government signed a working memorandum to introduce 20 market regulatory reform measures, some of which are among the first pilots in the country.
According to the introduction, the promise of notification refers to the administrative organs in the handling of the relevant licensing registration matters, in writing, the conditions and requirements stipulated by laws and regulations to inform the applicant at once.
After the applicant signs the commitment, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market regulatory authorities will support Pudong New Area and Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone in the enterprise name registration, processing simple process, low-risk varieties of food production permits, some measurement equipment type approval and other three areas of the pilot notification commitment system, so that enterprise access more convenient.
Shanghai Yan Wansheng Food Co. , Ltd. on the 27th by the notification of the commitment to obtain the "food production license" on the spot, became the first to enjoy the pilot dividend enterprises.
Business leaders said that food permits can also be licensed on the spot, but also adopted a "tolerant acceptance" approach, that is, allowing enterprises to submit part of the materials in accordance with the deadline agreed upon in the notice of the commitment, "really feel the convenience of reform." "
Shanghai's market regulator said the commitment system to implement food production permits was the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the approval process is compressed from the previous "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material examination, examination and approval system" to "registration, acceptance, approval and certification system" 3 links, the closing time from 20 working days before the reform, shortened to the on-the-spot completion.
Taking into account the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic exversion, the Shanghai market regulatory authority has delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai FTZ, so as to facilitate the close processing of enterprises.
Statistics show that the delegation of power involved a total of 1592 permanent representatives in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new rules.
"Eleven" long vacation consumption small survey: choose more diverse tourism to occupy the first place.
With the National Day holiday approaching, people's holiday plans are being finalized.
Securities Daily reporter recently in the circle of friends for the "11" holiday arrangements to launch a small survey, received nearly 20 feedback shows that although everyone's plans are different, but "tourism and consumption" has become the "11" holiday keywords.
Specifically, in the feedback obtained by the Securities Daily reporter, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "During the '11th' period, i plan to take my family to Shanghai, Disney is the first stop, and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn" and the Ms. Li family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China, " a family of three set off on September 28. Planning a 10-day tour around the island, Miss Ma of Chongqing planned an outbound tour to Singapore, while Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose a self-drive tour, saying that "his daughter is less than two years old, it is not convenient to go far away, and plans to go to Shandong by car and spend a few days by the sea".
Same-way Yilong and the same trip tourism recently jointly released the "2019 National Day Golden Week residents travel and travel trends report" shows that this year's National Day Golden Week travel and travel in the three sub-areas of travel, residence, travel consumption upgrade trend is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the proportion of demand for star-rated hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the U.S. Mission released the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trends Report" shows that tourism consumption continued to be strong, and showed a "eat and live play" diversification and upgrading trend.
More young people travel in favor of high-quality, unique experience, cultural tourism, night travel and other hot.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumer demand is also concentrated during the "11" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the Securities Daily that "the main plan of this year's '11' is to buy a car." "
Beijing, a car brand 4S store staff told the Securities Daily, generally speaking, every year in September and October is called the golden period of car sales.
During the "11th" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as sweepstakes, to the store to reduce and so on.
In addition, a number of brands recently introduced new models, the new product is expected to boost sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to the spiritual level of demand to meet, culture, education and other services consumption proportion is increasing.
Ms. Du , who lives in Beijing , said , " Since the birth of a child , cultural and educational consumption has become a big spend on households . "
This year's 'Eleven' is full, to 'clock- planetarium, children's theatre, about a few families weekend to the Moose Museum to set up a tent camping, but also arranged some audition experience classes. "
Some people in the industry said that, in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrade is from survival-oriented consumption to development-oriented consumption and enjoyment consumption evolution, in which a considerable part of the enjoyment-type consumption is a part of the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to the spiritual level of consumer demand, tourism, travel is a very good way.
In particular, catch up with the "Eleventh" National Day long holiday, more abundant time, people are more willing to travel and consumption, which can not only meet the spiritual level of consumer demand, but also the embodiment of the residents' consumption upgrade.
Afternoon began to be lonely, and do not want to go out, has not adjusted the children are not around the state.
Click out the spirit, to the dog Nana said: Mom took you out.
Carefully wrote out to do a few things, Type A blood personality characteristics more and more strong up, they all feel very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutrients, pay, buy sashimi, Nana snacks.
That's the reason to go out.
On the phone, just to my sister love to finish thanks to nana, otherwise even to buy snacks excuses are gone.
There was a perfunctory smile, saying that the child had called and hung up.
Nana light car skillfully jumped on the assistant's table, honestly lying down, she knew that she was motion-sickness, panicked, and not willing to accompany me.
Her husband Beau rarely came back early.
Even marvelated that salmon mixed avocado salad made delicious, and then went to the bedroom lying in bed to watch TV.
A look at the wall, just 7 o'clock, the sunrise of the country sunset is also early, the sky has been dark down.
Friends in the circle are in the invention of the moon, the original today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Wash a string of friends sent grapes, leave half to Boao, the rest on the like small flower bowl, end out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate grapes and she ate skin, and I spat the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds, good in the clouds in the walk, the moon will suddenly appear up, a light and a dark down some glare.
The mind is surging about the moon's various poems, partial only clearly like this sentence: every time three or five will be reunion / full of the qingguang protective jade bar / the heavens on the last round to hold out / the world's thousand surname look up.
Perhaps we give the moon too much emotion, for the present I come to say, in fact, that God's return to God, Caesar's return to Caesar is the best.
The moon color is the moon color, the emotion belongs to yourself.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon cools.
With a slight snoring at the foot of the Nana group, he stood up and laid Nana's small blanket on the edge of her little house, where Nana lay cheerfully.
Pull the door and shout: Is the bath water boiling?
From the bathroom window is not the moon, can only feel the moonlight, turn off the bathroom lights, pull open the glass.
I didn't eat mooncakes, I didn't drink.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo will be the mascot.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo mascot launch ceremony was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon characters, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a national tree of the United Arab Emirates.
The event introduced the six mascots to the audience by playing a short video.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Latifa, an 8-year-old girl, are siblings and represent the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo, the blue robot represents "mobility", the green robot represents "sustainability" and the yellow robot represents "opportunity".
An ancient bean tree was named "Salama" and was the "grandmother" of five "little guys" , symbolizing the ancestors who protected the land.
Ahmed , chairman of the Dubai Expo High Commission , said the mascot could strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants , and " I believe that the mascot of the Dubai Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling , demonstrate the creativity of local talent , and express our ambitions and expectations " .
The launch ceremony was attended by the Vice-President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai, Crown Prince Hamdan of Dubai, Minister of State for International Cooperation of the United Arab Emirates and Director of the Dubai World Expo Bureau, Liam Hashemi.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme "Communicating Ideas for the Future".
This will be the first time the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
From next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduates with their college entrance exam scores.
Recently, Germany is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications of the Anabin database announced on the official website: 2020, China's high school graduates can directly apply for German university undergraduate stakes with college entrance examination results, do not need to first enroll in domestic universities.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want ed'ite in Germany need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate) and pass the APS review or TestAS exam.
The new rules may save Chinese students who wish to study in Germany for at least half a year.
It is reported that the new rules will come into effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants are required to meet: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education, obtain a high school diploma, participate in the examination, college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score of 70% and above the total score (if the total score of 750 points, the need to reach 525 points or more), and include two language scores and a math or natural science scores and other requirements.
In addition, the specific professional requirements for college entrance examination results are not the same.
For example, to apply for medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy and other majors, the college entrance examination score must reach 80 percent of the full score, and the college entrance examination subject must include mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, at least two, or participate in science;
According to incomplete statistics, there are currently germany, Britain, Canada, Australia and other countries to recognize China's college entrance examination results.
In the United Kingdom, for example, Cambridge University, Birmingham University, University of Leicester and other universities, all accept Chinese students with the results of the college entrance examination application.
Military "Machine Dogs" takes a performance class At Cirque du Soleil: Consider inclusion in the show lineup.
The U.S. military has funded the development of "machine dogs" for the battlefield, and now it may be more important to get on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil has said it is in talks with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, about the feasibility of their use in circus performances.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics Technology Company released on the 24th "four-legged robot Spot" promotional video, the content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot, can carry 14 kg, with a high degree of off-road terrain to adapt to mobility, 360-degree barrier avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a dedicated software platform specifically developed only for Spot, allowing users to set their own Spot robot capabilities through a variety of applications.
Boston Dynamics Technology first unveiled the idea of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a stir, but has yet to actually go into commercial use.
However, Boston Dynamics says Spot is now in mass production, with most of the buyers in construction and energy.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics, and Cirque du Soleil says the project is still in its conception phase and is evaluating Spot's potential for use on the show site.
The Information Office of the State Council issued a white paper on China and the World in the New Era
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the White Paper "China and the World of a New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, vice-minister of the Central Propaganda Department and director of the State Council Information Office, said the white paper focused on "where China comes from and where it goes" "What kind of world China is promoting and building" and "How China gets along with the world", and systematically introduces China's development achievements, development paths and development trends, and elaborates in depth on China's relationship with the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has undergone tremendous changes and created an unprecedented miracle of development in the history of mankind, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes.
Through a large amount of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, significance and world contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that China has spent decades on the development of developed countries over the past few hundred years, with the economy leaping to the second largest in the world, and nearly 1.4 billion people have emerged from material shortages, reached a level of well-being in general, and enjoyed unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper stressed that over the past 70 years, Chinese people have started from scratch, self-reliant and worked hard to make a new world, and over the past 70 years, China has developed in its interaction with the world, embraced the world, learned from the world and contributed to the world.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct path of development with chinese characteristics and have unswervingly followed this path.
The White Paper stresses that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road for common development in opening up, and a road of comprehensive rule of law.
China's development path, in line with China's national conditions, to meet the requirements of the times, will be with the times to show more and more bright prospects for development.
In response to the international community's concern about China's development, the white paper stressed that achieving national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness is not only the dream of Chinese people, but also the common dream of all peoples.
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizing and power source of world economic growth, opening up to the outside world in all directions to create more opportunities for the development of all countries, China provides more public goods for the international community, China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries, and China will never follow the path of "national strength and hegemony".
In the face of the "what happened to the world, what do human beings do" of the times, the white paper pointed out that the world today is in a century of unprecedented changes, human society is both full of hope and challenges.
China proposes to build a community of human destiny, open up a new path of development with win-win cooperation and joint construction and sharing, and provide a new choice for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, safeguard the international system with the United Nations as its core, promote exchanges and mutual learning among civilizations, and jointly promote the building of a community of human destiny and a better world.
With the development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how China gets along with the world.
The white paper pointed out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and world peace and development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to win-win cooperation and common development, maintained and promoted economic globalization, actively developed global partnership, firmly supported multilateralism, maintained international equity and justice, promoted the high-quality development of the Belt and Road, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been the builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper pointed out that in the new era of China, the determination to follow the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination of learning from each other and win-win cooperation with other countries will not change, and the determination to join hands with the world will not change.
The White Paper concludes by pointing out that in today's world, the future and destiny of countries have never been more closely linked.
The White Paper on China and the World in the New Era consists of a foreword, text and closing remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper was published in 8 languages, including China, Britain, France, Russia, Germany, West, A, Japan, and was published by the People's Publishing House and the Foreign Language Press, and distributed in Xinhua Bookstores nationwide.
Is Ma Hua in the by-election for the parliamentary seat of Danjung Biai, Johor?
Mahua President Dato Sri Wei Jiaxiang : " The Supreme Council of the National Front to discuss! "
The Danjung Biai national seat by-election is imminent, the National Front member party's Ma Hua whether to take up this traditional seat is a matter of concern.
However, after the meeting of the Mahua Central Committee, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether the traditional seat of Mahua would continue to be replaced by Ma Hua or by other members of the Party.
Wei Jiaxiang, after chairing a meeting of the Mahua Central Committee on Thursday afternoon, told the media that any by-election will be conducted in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, through the National Front Supreme Council meeting before the final decision.
He said the meeting of the NATIONAL Front's Supreme Council was expected to be held in early October as the electoral commission meets next Monday to finalize the by-election for the seat of Tanjung Biai.
"Yesterday morning (26th) I also met with the President of the National Front, Nato Sriamzahi, and we all agreed that this seat must be retaken from the Coalition of Hope. "
"We have finalized a special meeting of the leaders of the National Front in early October, and the leaders of the three parties of the NATIONAL Front will determine which member party will be in the field . " "
Asked whether Ma Hua would insist on the traditional seat to the Supreme Council of the National Front, Mr Wei reiterated that, as President of Ma Hua, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures and that any decision must therefore be made in accordance with the CONSENSUS of the Nfl.
"In any by-election, it's common for someone to be willing to go out, there's a political party, there's a certain side that thinks they should come out, " he said. "
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance are we from?" "
"This is a big test of what we have been forming in a political coalition over the years, and we believe that the National Front has come along with some valuable values. "
"In the process, someone might say something, and that's no wonder. "
"But once the NFL Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone has to be fully prepared, and that's the most valuable thing." "
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said, Ma Hua will be three levels, that is, the district council, the state board and the central government, go all out to prepare for the coming by-election in Danfu Biai.
"The district council will be led by the Chairman of the District Council, Dato Sri Huang, the State Board will be headed by the Acting Chairman of the Board of Governors, Dato Lin Peixing, and the Central Committee will be personally deployed by the Acting General Council President, Dato MahanShun, and the General Secretary, Dato Zhang Shengwen." "
On Saturday , the Indigenous Solidarity Party ' son- and arepresentative of the mp for The iave , Dato Mohamad Farley , died of heart problems at the Government Hospital in Benzhen , aged 42 .
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was ordered to "duty patrol the mountain" by hunting wild animals.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province, was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to pay 15,420 yuan (RMB, the same below) for the cost of repairing damage to ecological resources and environment.
Because of the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ activated the ecological restoration cost of alternative labor compensation, and realized the organic unity of legal effect and social effect.
Baokang County Prosecutor's Office Deputy Attorney General Wang Zhongliang 27, through three months of "obligation to patrol the mountains" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou has established a deep feeling with wild macaques, and before the hunting of animals deeply self-blame.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office filed a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was heard in public in the county court and pronounced in court.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, suspended for four years, and fined 3000 yuan, while ordered to compensate the ecological resources and environmental damage repair costs of 15,420 yuan.
After investigation, Zhou has been setting up a power grid at the cliffs since late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including antelope, small slugs, woolly crown deer and so on.
The antelope belongs to the national second-class endangered wild animals, and the small slugs and woolly crowned deer are listed as the National Land Wildlife Conservation List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his own illegal facts and actions, and was willing to bear the incidental civil liability.
However, taking into account the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office, the local village committee, forest station, Zhou a three parties reached an alternative labor compensation ecological restoration cost agreement: that is, Zhou through the village macaque monkey conservation area for the domestication and maintenance of macaques, compulsory mountain patrol, forest protection for one year, to provide public welfare services to offset ecological restoration costs.
As for the prosecutor's recommendation, the court agreed that Zhou's probation was being carried out while actively fulfilling the obligation of "alternative labor to compensate for ecological restoration costs".
At present, Zhou has been in the monkey reserve compulsory labor for 3 months, active mountain patrol, good performance.
In recent years, the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office has integrated the procuratorial function and the social governance behavior in practice, and scientifically used the supervision methods of procuratorial advice, investigation supervision and litigation supervision, so as to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment by means of judicial means.
United Nations Awards Earthguard Award for "Ant Forest"
In the warm applause and magnificent music, "Ant Forest" project leader Xu Di and user representative Shen Weiliang walked up to the podium and took over the 2019 United Nations "Earth Guard Award" trophy from the host.
The 2019 Earthguard Awards ceremony was held in New York, USA on the 26th, using a small program to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental action, "Ant Forest" project won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
The United Nations Environment Programme announced the winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, a week ago, but the day's attendees were still in a state of excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency , the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme , Ine-Annoson , said that the Ant Forest is an exciting innovation that has brought hundreds of millions of people to action to understand the environmental challenges facing mankind and what humans can do for the environment .
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in the action to protect the planet, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" by the China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial Services) in August 2016 launched on the Alipay platform, users through the "Ant Forest" to record their daily life of green travel, online payment of utilities and other low-carbon actions to accumulate "green energy", in the mobile phone "tree".
For every virtual tree a user develops, the Ant Forest and the public welfare partners plant a real tree in the desertification area.
As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users have reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertification areas.
In the "EarthGuard Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica for the national environmental efforts to win the award, Costa Rica President Carlos Alvarado on the scene praised the "Ant Forest" contribution, "can inspire so many people to participate in the green action, impressive."
The Chairman and CEO of Ant-Jin-Yuan said that the Earthguard Award was an affirmation of the Ant Forest project .
Technology and an open platform make it possible for people to participate in a low-carbon life, and this honor belongs to all participants.
Mr. Jing said the "ant forest" had affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "Ant Forest" in the next three years was to bring 1 billion people around the world into low-carbon action.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through tree planting, it is also hoped that agricultural development projects, e-commerce platforms and so on to help farmers achieve income gains.
"Ant Forest" created based on digital technology of the public welfare environmental protection model has also been successfully out of the sea, by other countries to learn from.
In June, GCash, the philippines' largest "e-wallet", launched the Philippine version of Ant Forest, encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through a low-carbon lifestyle.
According to reports, GCash will work with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, environmental non-profit organizations and other organizations, plans to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The Earthguard Award is the highest award in the field of environmental protection at the United Nations and is awarded annually.
The award of "Ant Forest" is the third consecutive year that the Green Innovation Project from China has won the "Incentive and Action Award" after the construction of the Sehanba forest farm in China and the "Thousand Villages Demonstration and Ten-Thousand Villages Rectification" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the U.S. economy "report card."
The second quarter of the U.S. economic "report card" showed that U.S. gross domestic product growth slowed significantly from the previous quarter, driven by a sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty it brought with them were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
Final revision data released by the U.S. Commerce Department on the 26th showed that U.S. GDP grew at an annualized rate of 2 % in the second quarter , unchanged from the previously released revision , but significantly lower than the 3.1 % in the first quarter .
Data show that consumption growth was the main factor supporting U.S. economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption spending , which accounts for about 70% of the U.S. economy , grew by 4.6 % quarter-on-quarter , boosting economic growth by 3.03 percentage points .
In addition, government spending and investment led to economic growth of 0.82 percentage points.
However , private sector investment fell by 6.3 % in the second quarter from the previous quarter , dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the current quarter , while exports fell by 5.7 % from the previous quarter , and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points in the current quarter .
Private sector investment has not only failed to maintain last year's growth, but has fallen sharply as rising economic frictions and uncertainty have hit business confidence, says Barry Knapp, managing partner at Ainside Macroeconomics.
Knap believes U.S. corporate capital spending is expected to remain in decline next year, influenced by policy uncertainty.
Analysts believe that while consumer growth has provided strong support for the U.S. economy in the second quarter, there are growing signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty it creates have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the Outlook for U.S. Consumption.
In a recent survey, 38 percent of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the U.S. economy, the highest in a year and a half, said Richard Curtin, an economics professor at the University of Michigan and the study's lead author.
Analysts generally expect the U.S. economy to continue to slow in the future.
But some experts say the performance of the U.S. industrial sector and financial markets will improve if economic and trade frictions ease.
Keryn Birch, a global economist at the Economist Intelligence Unit, expects the US economy to continue its downward trend this year and slow to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody's Analytics , predicts that the U.S. economy will grow by 2.3 % this year and slow further to 1.6 % next year , assuming economic and trade frictions do not continue to escalate .
Ellen Harzen, investment manager at Putnam Investments, points out that the biggest concern for companies right now is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainties they bring, and if they are resolved, the uncertainty will be significantly reduced and the industrial sector will perform much better than it does now.
Matt Meli, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said economic and trade frictions remain "top issues" and the main reason for the sharp fluctuations in U.S. capital markets this year.
Ningxia first couple supa parental leave 0 to 3 years old children parents can take 10 days a year
Safeguarding women's legitimate rights and interests is the embodiment of respecting and safeguarding human rights, and it is also an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27 , at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region , the Regulations on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region were passed by a high vote .
This is Ningxia's first provincial-level comprehensive system to safeguard women's legitimate rights and interests of local regulations, will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the "Regulations" adopted this time, on the basis of the "Ningxia Implementation of the Law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests of the People's Republic of China" in 2007, was revised, divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general rules, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal liabilities, by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration of the introduction of joint parental leave for husband and wife, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the "Guidance on promoting the development of infant and young child care services under 3 years of age" for couples to share childcare has a relevant description.
In the process of amending the Regulations, Ningxia proposed to "encourage employers to give ten days of joint parental leave each year to couples with children who are in compliance with the provisions of laws and regulations and have children between the ages of zero and three years of age".
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in China's current civil code's code of personality, and refines the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations prohibits the high incidence of sexual assault of girls and requires educational institutions to undertake relevant education, protection and prevention work as a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
In view of women's right to know and deal with the common property of the marriage and family, article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates that women's right to know common property and the obligations of property registration institutions and related subjects, and provides solid institutional support for women's rights.
In addition, in response to the social hot issue of gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and absorbs the latest practical experience of joint interviews to enhance the discipline of gender discrimination violations and more vigorously defend women's legitimate rights and interests.
In recent years, Ningxia Women's Federation joint public prosecution law department, civil affairs and other departments in promoting and introducing social professional forces to participate in marriage and family disputes mediation and anti-domestic violence work, the results are very significant.
The Regulations summarize and promote this, and many laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia Xing UNITA Yuan Longping academician workstation salt-resistant rice mu yield rice broken kilos
Reporter 27 from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Xing UNITA Administrative Office was informed that the League held a few days ago, "Xing UNITA Yuan Longping academician workstation salt-alkali rice on-site testing and acceptance of the review committee" came good news, salt-alkali rice average yield of rice more than a kilogram.
A group of six experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs conducted sampling and harvesting of rice from the "Xing Salt Series" on site.
After expert assessment, in the PH value of 8.8 to 9.6, salinity content in 5 to 6 inches of land, the average yield of salt-alkali rice yield 508.8 kg.
"The next step is to innovate and reform the salt-resistant rice varieties to be cultivated and optimized again to make better quality and higher yield, " said Wang Shigang, executive director of Xing UNITA Yuan Longping Academician's Workstation. "
Lai Yongcai , head of the group of experts on production and vice president and researcher of Heilongjiang Agricultural Science Institute , said : " Under the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged , I think that salt-resistant rice will continue to produce miracles on the salt-alkali land . " "
Xing UNITA belongs to the special hardship area of Daxing Anling South.
In October 2018, Yuan Longping academician work station in Xing UNITA unveiled.
Yuan Longping led a team of experts to accelerate the introduction of the latest cultivation of "salt-alkali hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technology, in the right-wing flag in Koryo to build 960 acres of salt-resistant rice base, the use of side test demonstration, side promotion of the technical route, to promote the local poor to increase production and income, poverty and wealth.
The on-site measurement of salt-alkali rice not only provides a scientific basis for the promotion of low- and medium-yielding fields for xing UNITA's saline-alkali medium-yielding fields, but also provides a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline-alkali rice under the same conditions in China.
After marathon debate and weeks of protests, the state of New Hampshire passed a legalisation of abortion on September 26, local time, Australia Reported.
The bill is understood to have sparked political debate in the past eight weeks, with serious divisions within the Australian Liberal Party since independent Mp Greenwich announced its introduction.
Reported that after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate on the evening of the 25th by 26 votes to 14 passed the abortion legalization bill, making it the third-longest time in the new state Senate to consider the bill.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the New Hampshire House of Representatives, abortion was legalized in the state.
The act allows a woman to terminate a pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy and, if the consent of two doctors, allows the woman to have an abortion later in the pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th, allowing doctors to seek advice from the Hospital Advisory Board's multidisciplinary panel before performing abortions for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the Senate passed an amendment that included the need for doctors to provide appropriate care for infants who survived the termination of pregnancy.
Earlier, NEW South Carolina Gov. Berejiklian faced public criticism from conservatives over the bill, and She has repeatedly stepped in to buy more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
"I need to take the time to manage the whole new state, " said Ms. Berejiklian, defending her absentee vote. "
Mr Davis, a Liberal MP for Australia, is understood to have been the strongest opponent of the abortion bill, threatening to withdraw from the new state government, saying it had triggered a "government crisis".
But then Davis backed down.
Davis said : The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors . "
Meanwhile, THE LEADER OF THE NATIONAL PARTY OF AUSTRALIA, BARILARO, SAID HE WAS PROUD TO BE PART OF THE GOVERNMENT THAT LEGALISED ABORTION.
"What we achieved last night is historic for the new state, which legalized abortion, that abortion is no longer a criminal act, and that it does not treat women who have abortions as criminals." "
Sany Group major projects settled in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, the focus is on the development of petroleum intelligent equipment, smart steel industry.
Today, zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Trinity Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group invested 15 billion yuan in Zhuzhou to develop smart steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects, the annual total output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
With a total investment of 10 billion yuan, the Sany Smart Steel Industry Project will be located in the Hotang District, which will focus on building the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even in the middle of the province, as well as the Sany Group's intelligent manufacturing and processing center for metal structures;
At the same time, Sany Group will also build a second-hand car market for engineering machinery in Zhuzhou High-tech District, and carry out practical cooperation in the field of intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou Attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity Group.
The city will be the cooperation project as this year the city's investment "Project No. 1", the city party secretary Mao Tengfei, Mayor Yang Weiguo led the establishment of a special coordination group, efficient docking, high-level promotion, the whole process for the Development of the Sany Group settled in Zhuzhou to provide quality and efficient services, from the intention to contact the formal signing of cooperation agreement, before and after less than 100 days.
Liu Kun, Minister of Finance: 67 state-owned enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan from state-owned enterprises to supplement their social security funds.
Finance Minister Liu Kun said on the 27th, so far, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the deployment meeting of the national transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly convened by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the SASAC on the same day.
"Transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system, is the development of state-owned enterprises to share the results of the whole people and the basic old-age insurance system is the full embodiment of intergenerational equity, is a policy measure based on the current, taking into account the long-term." "
In 2017, the State Council issued the Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund, which requires the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out the pilot program.
According to Liu Kun, the pre-transfer work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, a total of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred in three batches, with a total transfer of state-owned capital amounting to about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions of the Ministry of Finance to perform the duties of funders has been basically completed.
The transfer of the central enterprise has a certain scale.
At the local level, the pre-transfer work of enterprises has been carried out one after another.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, with 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan of state-owned capital transferred, respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out the preliminary preparations for the transfer, for the next step of the implementation of the transfer laid the foundation.
According to the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, the central and local transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund work in 2019 to fully open, and by the end of 2020 to basically complete.
The meeting held on the same day made a concrete deployment for the comprehensive push-off.
The meeting stressed the need to carry out the transfer work pragmatically and efficiently.
"According to the schedule, the transfer process will be largely completed by the end of 2020.
Transfer working hours are tight and tasks are heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and make careful arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required, make solid progress, accurately grasp the transfer policy content, strengthen communication and coordination, and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state-owned funds to enrich the social security fund - from the "enrich the social security fund money bag" starting point, the destination is to provide a strong support for the old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple equity "physical displacement", but opened the "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the CSRC jointly issued the Notice on the Comprehensive Pushing and Transfer of Part of the State-owned Capital to Enrich the Work of the Social Security Fund, which clearly defined the timetable for the transfer of state-owned capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the central and local transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund work in 2019.
After the release of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments were quickly implemented.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of its stake in ICBC and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund, with the total value of the two equity transfers exceeding 115 billion yuan.
According to the provisions, the Social Security Foundation and other undertaking subjects as financial investors, enjoy the state-owned shares assigned to the right to income, disposal and the right to know.
ICBC and AgBank said in the announcement that the change in equity will not cause changes in the bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that similar transfer of state-owned enterprises equity transfer is not a simple change of equity ownership, but can stimulate a series of effects of "addition operations."
The first step of some state-owned transfer of social security , the "addition results " , is naturally able to reflect the ownership of state-owned enterprises by the whole people , and the development results are shared by the whole population .
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially state-owned enterprises in China's economy are mostly in important industries and areas, the overall profitability is strong and more stable.
Among them, leading enterprises are continuously achieving better and bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully push forward the transfer of some state-owned capital this year to enrich the work of the social security fund.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it will work with relevant departments, in accordance with the deployment of the Executive Meeting of the State Council, to do a good job in the comprehensive push to transfer part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflect the basic old-age insurance system intergenerational equity and the development of state-owned enterprises to share the results of the whole people.
The second step of the transfer, "Addition Results", is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security funds and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and this time as the transfer of the main body of state capital, most of them have the ability to continue to make profits and dividends, not only can effectively supplement the social security fund, but also for the social security fund to provide the source of living water.
Estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the proportion of deposits on basic old-age insurance can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, "Addition Results", is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The transfer to undertake the main body to obtain revenue is the way is "dividend-based, operation as a supplement".
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the Social Security Fund does obtain the main income from equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has a strong ability to operate capital.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in holding shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, which will help to improve the level of enterprise management and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the social security fund as an investment wind vane, the increase of shareholding weight, is conducive to further enhance its influence in the market, and in the market to play a "stabilizer" role.
In addition, it is also beneficial to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors, and guide investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18, followed by Abern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman resisted in the form of non-published works in Germany, and then even stopped writing.
In 1933, he wrote the Symphony Miserand and dedicated it to "my long-sleeping friends."
In 1935, the symphony premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman was determined not to play any of his own works under Nazi rule.
Hartman's Funeral Concerto was a violin and string concerto, which was stolen from Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to the Funeral Concerto performed by the Berne Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate approves Scalia as labor secretary - Xinhua
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (Xinhua Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The U.S. Senate voted on the 26th to approve President Donald Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as labor secretary.
The vote was 53 in favor and 44 against, and no Democrat voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe Scalia's record makes him a good fit for the labor secretary.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long stood on the opposite side of workers and unions during his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
Acosta , then labour secretary , announced his resignation in July under intense public pressure after being accused of " leniency " against Jeffrey Epstein , the US billionaire accused of sexually assaulting and trafficking teenage girls .
Scalia, 56, is a partner at a prominent U.S. law firm, whose father is the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the Cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal government, responsible for labor-related matters, etc.
The White House also issued a statement the same day that Trump has nominated the Federal Emergency Management Agency acting administrator Peter Garner to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Garner's nomination is also subject to senate approval.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency, which is part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, coordinates federal resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, etc. in the United States.
Since the debut of the 35th anniversary parade, every time a large military parade is organized, there will be a strategic missile force "Big Mac" square.
"This National Day parade, by the 'army' changed 'army', the rocket army debuted chang'an Street. "
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Army Equipment Team, said.
The missile forces under review fully carry forward the spirit of special hardship, special combat, special dedication, strict key training, scientific group training, military parade training full yin reflects the three characteristics, showing a good image of the strategic military, pay more attention to strict style.
In this military parade training, whether generals or soldiers, are strict standard requirements, forging a strong style of conduct, ban the line of hard work.
They also pay attention to carry forward the spirit of artisans, seize every detail to practice technology, perseverance, practice style, formed a "military posture, fast movement, bright answer" and so on, and constantly with a strict style to create a powerful missile square, pay more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
Rocket Army as a high-tech strategic military, science and technology, re-innovation is a fine tradition and advantage.
This military parade training, they learn from the past experience on the basis of breaking the mind-set, breaking through the traditional methods, the use of satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, real-time speed measurement and other advanced means to improve the level of training and quality benefits, to ensure the realization of the human car combined with millicent, square action minutes, more docking standards.
Rocket army parade troops adhere to the parade ground and launch site of the same standards, higher requirements, to live at each gate, keep an eye on each detail, so that the troops under review to withstand quenching, really let the National Day parade field to enhance the combat effectiveness of the training ground and test site.
Iran confirmed for developing advanced centrifuges, further suspends implementation of Iran nuclear deal
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Xinhua) -- Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Tuesday.
Iran is reportedly violating the limits of the Iran nuclear deal in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the iran deal in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July to keep its stockpile of enriched uranium below 300 kilograms and enriched uranium to no more than 3.67 percent, and now moves further.
Under the nuclear deal, Iran could only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and allowed Iran to use only a small number of more advanced models for research, but not to produce enriched uranium.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for the use of a nuclear bomb.
Reported that the INTERNATIONAL Atomic Energy Agency report said: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges for models 2 and 3 ... Is accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium. "
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency on the 26th to Member States presented the report , a diplomatic official responded : " They are busy at the ( Natanz enriched uranium ) facility . " "
The Vietnamese-Korean Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, president of the Vietnamese-Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said VKBIA will work together to serve as a bridge between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries aim to increase two-way trade to $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen believes that the birth of the association is an important step towards achieving these goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese Party, the Government and the relevant Korean functional bodies would assist in the future operation of the Association.
Vietnam's Deputy Ambassador to South Korea Chen Chang-shui said VKBIA will create a good platform for Vietnamese and Korean entrepreneurs to exchange and share experiences and ideas, aiming to expand the space for investment cooperation and help each other to make more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economic cause, and promote the vigorous development of Vietnam-South Korea trade relations.
At the ceremony, VKBIA representatives signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Ese Farms and Agricultural Enterprises Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea and comes against the backdrop of the two countries strengthening pragmatic cooperation in the fields of foreign affairs, national defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of 100 billion U.S. dollars in two-way trade by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, the education minister in Italy's new cabinet and a member of the Five Star Movement, has introduced a motion to parliament recommending a new tax policy for sugary drinks, snacks and airline tickets.
According to reports, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on health-alike food products such as sugary drinks and snacks, as well as an environmental tax on airline tickets, a 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international flights, according to a motion by Education Minister Fioramonti.
Mr Fioramonti said the government was expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue through the seemingly small series of tax measures.
The proceeds of the tax will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Conte said he thought it was a viable option, while Salvini, an Italian lawmaker, APS and leader of the Alliance Party, tweeted sarcastically that everyone should quickly hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sweets because the new government is starting to impose a snack tax.
Reported that the snack tax refers to sugary drinks, high-calorie foods to levy a special tax.
The tax will help to benefit public health.
On the evening of September 25, the Chinese Embassy in Ottawa held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
XINHUA OTTAWA, September 26 (Reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada Cong Peiwu held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of The People's Republic of China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and with the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, which have not only profoundly changed the face of China and benefited its own people, but also produced far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese plans to solve human problems.
Pictured is a photo exhibition of the 70th anniversary of New China held at the same time as the participants stopped to watch the event.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made important contributions to the promotion of world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace, always advocates the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as its core, and is the builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development has provided new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, for the benefit of all peoples.
Cong stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years has shown that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward on the right track.
On the other hand, relations between the two countries will suffer and their interests will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations are experiencing serious difficulties and the responsibility is not on the Chinese side.
"The ringer must also be ringer."
It is hoped that Canada will work out as soon as possible a way to properly resolve outstanding problems in bilateral relations and create conditions for the return of bilateral relations to the right track.
The reception was attended by more than 700 Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, envoys to Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students.
Chinese Embassy in Canada, Chen Mingjian, public participation Heng Xiaojun and other diplomats of the Embassy attended the reception.
The reception was held on the theme photo exhibition of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and featured promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China".
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed a unique cultural program.
It is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has made his debut at a public event since taking up his new post.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on 22 September and submitted a copy of the letter to mr. Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Director of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the following day.
Cong Peiwu, who was born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was a resident of the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to his visit to Canada, he served as Director of the North American Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and previously served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi, Vietnam, seeks to expand cooperation with Laos
Mr. Nguyen recalled the exchange of visits between the two delegations of practical significance and affirmed that they helped foster the special friendly relations between the two countries, as expected by President Ho Chi Minh and Chairman Kaishan Fengweihan.
Mr. Nguyen de Jong hopes that Ambassador Tunshavan will continue to serve as a good bridge and link for friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tunshavan said laos learns from Vietnam's many successful experiences and is impressed by the breakthroughs that Hanoi and Vietnam have made in recent years.
Ambassador Tunshavan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi Municipal Government for its strong support and assistance in the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and expressed confidence that the relations between Vietnam and Vietnam will continue to develop well despite the volatility of the global situation.
In early 2020, Mr. Nguyen is expected to lead a working delegation from Hanoi to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
Starting in 2020, Hanoi will offer a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying at various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission to ASEAN hosted a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Trade Minister Lukita, Minister of Land and Space Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
Friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of missions and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, "I and China" theme children's painting award-winning contestants and more than 1000 people attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador To ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN, Xiao said that the birth of new China in 1949 ushered in a new era in Chinese history.
China's progress from closed backwardness to opening up and progress, from lack of clothing and food to overall well-off, from poverty to prosperity and strength, the Chinese nation ushered in from standing up, rich to strong historic leap.
Xiao said that China-Indonesia relations have made great progress in recent years, with growing political mutual trust, pragmatic cooperation and comprehensive expansion of exchanges in various fields, and the overall strategic partnership between China and Indonesia moving steadily.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded, and mutual respect, understanding, trust and support have been consistently promoted in the region for peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and change of New China in the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people have created and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and makes great contributions to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
Pictured is the "Celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" theme exhibition to attract guests to stop and watch.
Xiao said that China and Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to build a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the achievements of New China over the past 70 years and reflecting the Sino-Indonesian and China-ASEAN relations.
The video, which is divided into three parts: "China's development achievements are brilliant", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-off", and "China-ASEAN relations upgrade" won warm applause.
The reception also featured a "Celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi fleet to start trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the pilot operation of robotaxi, a self-driving taxi fleet, had officially opened.
The first 45 Apollo and FAW Red Flag jointly developed the "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi team in Changsha section has opened the test section to start trial operation.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to Apollo's official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to experience.
One experienced passenger said he sat in the back of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat, and opened the vehicle's self-driving journey at the touch of a button.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the current policy and regulationrequirements, the trial operation vehicle in the driving position equipped with a safety officer, to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the driving process, the vehicle can be based on road conditions for intelligent lane change, you can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles, close-range overtaking and other conditions to make automatic avoidance.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen shows pedestrians, cars, and even some traditional blind areas on the road in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see the traffic lights in front of you and wait ingon times and other information in advance, all traffic conditions at a glance.
Driverless has heard on TV before, thought it was a long way from us, but today found it in our lives, it feels amazing.
We look forward to its future really into the lives of ordinary people.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha municipal government.
At present, Changsha's self-driving test open road, through Changsha City Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu, Dawangshan, high-tech zone and other areas, the total length of 135 kilometers, the demonstration area of 70 square kilometers, is currently China's longest road mileage, the largest area, covering the scene of the most complex, the most advanced road collaborative infrastructure intelligent driving demonstration area.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi fleet will cover about 50 km of pilot roads in Changsha, and 135 km of roads currently open in Changsha are planned for the first half of 2020.
Women's volleyball win Lang Ping still has dissatisfaction: playing strong team mistakes so much, it will be difficult
Beijing time on the afternoon of the 27th, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the 2019 Women's World Cup in the ninth game, the opponent for the strong Dutch women's volleyball team, the final Chinese women's volleyball team 3-1 victory over the Dutch women's volleyball team, ushered in the women's volleyball World Cup nine consecutive wins.
But after the game, the women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third set.
"The third game of the other side to strengthen the attack, we have some (one pass) not in place to attack the ball, their own mistakes are particularly many. "
"It's hard to play against a strong team, i've made so many mistakes. "
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to focus, a pass attack is not in place, we have to adjust the attack well, and we have to fight the other side to defend. "
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, said she encountered some difficulties in the attack, more anxious, too want to kill the ball, the action will be deformed.
I hope she is patient, " we all protect her. "
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
White Paper: China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world.
With China's overall national strength and international influence rapidly rising, the white paper says, some in the international community are worried that China will follow the path of "national power and hegemony", and some have proposed the so-called "China threat theory".
This is both cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances brought about by the power of long-term, and deliberate distortions in order to safeguard one's own vested interests.
Realizing national prosperity, national rejuvenation and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of all peoples.
"China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and a challenge to the world. "
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, China is the biggest contributor to world economic growth, China's scientific and technological innovation in the world economic growth to inject new momentum, the future of China's economic stabilization and power source role is more prominent.
At present, the world's economic growth is not enough, the sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is moving from high-speed growth to high-quality development, new industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization are accelerating, the economic structure is deeply adjusted, industrial optimization continues to upgrade, and new economic growth points are emerging.
According to the McKinsey Global Research Report, the integration of China and the rest of the world economies is expected to generate economic value of $22 trillion to $37 trillion by 2040, equivalent to 15 to 26 percent of the global economy. "
The white paper stresses that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with a more stable economy, higher quality of growth and promising growth prospects, is a long-term positive for world economic development.
It is neither feasible nor harmful to "de-link" China from the world economy by treating China's economic development as a "threat" and a "challenge" and trying to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain.
The white paper points out that opening up to the outside world in all directions creates more opportunities for countries to share the "China dividend".
China unswervingly pursues a win-win strategy of opening up, achieves greater efforts and higher levels of opening-up, has the world's most potential consumer market, China is the most attractive investment destination, and larger-scale "going out" benefits more countries.
"Openness should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way, one-way, one-way benefit."
Mutual benefit can last in the long run. "
China is committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection, and other countries should expand opening up and take appropriate measures to improve their business environment, the white paper said.
Only by moving in the same way can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, and work together to make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality co-construction of the Belt and Road, building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign aid.
"China's development has benefited from the international community, and it has never forgotten to give back to the international community to provide more and better public goods for the international community." "
In a written interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slepnev, general manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slepnev points out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a significant proportion of Russia's exports to China, while agricultural exports are also important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
Referring to Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Srepnov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import needs of countries and regions around the world, including China.
Russia will then improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the number of high-tech enterprises to further increase.
Slepnev said Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech building materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russia's products in many areas, compared with similar products in the West, "quality advantages, prices are also competitive."
Referring to the two countries' goal of achieving bilateral trade of US$200 billion by 2024, Slepnov said that agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to diversify the supply in these areas and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to promote its exporters into the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are well placed to participate in this process.
At present , the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises , " to establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and jointly develop exports to third countries . "
Slepnev said the Russian export center is supporting Russian exports to China through a variety of measures and services from the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments to promote more convenient access for Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of exportproducts to China.
There has been a marked increase in financial institutions that pay in renminbi globally.
According to the latest "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released in London by SWIFT on the 26th, the increase in the number of financial institutions using renminbi paid by rmb worldwide from July 2017 to July 2019 showed a clear trend.
At SWIFT's 2019 annual meeting in London, the company's "Rmb Tracking Special Issue from a London Perspective" showed that the number of financial institutions paying in renminbi worldwide increased by 11.31 percent from July 2017 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions paying in renminbi in Africa and the Middle East increased the most, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98 percent.
The report shows that as of August 2019, the rmb's share of the global payment currency was 2.22 percent.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in offshore currency trading for the renminbi.
According to the report , London's share of offshore foreign exchange transactions in the global renminbi in July 2019 was 33.79 % , the highest in the world .
London is the world's leading foreign exchange trader, the report said.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange trading was 40.14 percent, in the United States it was 12.93 percent and France 7.67 percent.
Foreign Ministry responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough" : sneaky self-inflicted personality
In response to Taiwan personnel recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in religious-related meetings, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang 27 at a regular press conference responded that this small action is disgraceful, laughing generously.
A reporter asked, according to Taiwanese media reports, Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in the United States held a conference on religious issues, and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned was a side meeting held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations, and it was not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan's personnel in a sneaky way into the United Nations, self-degrading personality, but also rendered that this is the so-called "diplomatic breakthrough", this small action is very disgraceful, sneer generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations side has repeatedly reiterated its commitment to the Taiwan issue in accordance with UnGeneral Assembly Resolution 2758, and that the majority of United Nations Member States adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerates the upgrading of the industrial structure of the dairy industry - Xinhua/Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, September 27 (Reporter An Lumon) reporters from the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Hohhot Municipal Government learned that Hohhot City to speed up the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Yili, Mengniu among the top ten dairy enterprises in the world, speed up the implementation of Yili Health Food Industrial Park, Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park and other projects, to create "China's milk upgrade."
Dairy industry is the traditional advantage of Hohhot City, relying on the unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, Hohhot City dairy industry scale rapidly expanded, the scale of breeding rate continues to improve.
In 2018, the city's large-scale dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers into the industrialization chain, Yili, Mengniu two enterprises sales revenue of nearly 150 billion yuan.
In order to further grow and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot City issued a "build "China's milk upgrade version" a number of opinions" "to promote the upgrading of the dairy industry three-year action plan (2018-2020)," around the first to achieve the goal of dairy manufacturing 4.0, the implementation of high-quality milk source base construction, agricultural enterprises interest linkage, 100 billion leading enterprises to cultivate, characteristic small and medium-sized enterprisecluster cultivation and dairy internationalization innovation "five major upgrade" plan.
Hohhot Mayor Feng Yuxuan said that the local will accelerate the promotion of Yili Health Food Industrial Park, Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park two major investment of 100 billion yuan project landing, the simultaneous construction of the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, and constantly enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27th the Trans-Dunedin raised the midpoint of the U.S. dollar by 5 per cent
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of plus / - 3%, today the upper limit of the EXCHANGE rate of each bank against the Vietnamese guilder is 23854 rUPI, with a lower limit of 22465 rupiah.
The bank's rmb bid and bid prices were 3211 and 3295 dong, respectively, down 1 rupiah from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the bid and bid prices of the dollar at 23,131 dong and 23,271 dong, respectively, down 2 percent from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB bid and bid prices were 3193 dong and 3326 dong, respectively, down 1 rupiah and 2 nder, respectively, from the previous trading day.
"China's good story" database online to show the world a real three-dimensional comprehensive China
The "Good Story of China" database, an innovative and basic platform for "telling a good Story of China and Spreading a Good Voice of China", was officially launched today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) was hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua China Search.
This is the September 27 film "America and the United States - "China's Good Story" database launch" live.
On the same day, the "Good Story of China" database, an innovative and fundamental platform for the purpose of "telling a good Story about China and spreading a good Chinese voice", was officially launched to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Open the "China Good Story" database, a long-distance ink-and-water fish map volume slowly unfolded, for the reader to open through time and space, a new treasure trove of Chinese stories.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of "Jingzhong Reporting Country" and "The Fools moved to the mountains" to the new era stories of "I Will Be Without Me" and "Don't Forget the Heart", with thousands of good Chinese stories becoming vivid carriers of "Chinese spirit" and "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The Story Library brings together five main categories of "1 plus 4" theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first narrator of the Chinese story", and the "learning" section, with Xi's story, Xi Jinping's story told by Xi Jinping, and the story of the characters whom Xi praised, provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and understand the truth behind the story of governing the country; The story of Chinese people's struggle for the dream, the story of the profound Chinese culture and The story of China's insistence on peaceful development and win-win cooperation are unfolded, which is fascinating and thought-provoking, and shows the charm of the times of The Chinese story in all directions.
Reporters from today held in Beijing, "The United States and the United States - "China's good story" database launch" learned that the "China Good Story" database opened a Chinese and English website and mobile phone client.
The website is full of content, rich in features, stylish design, and the whole media presents wonderful stories.
Mobile clients highlight artificial intelligence voice function, adapt to mobile communication trends, to provide users with a carry-on "China good story" player.
In order to facilitate the use of query, the database gives full play to the advantages of intelligent search technology of China's search, providing a variety of search functions such as time search, map search, character search, tag search, etc.
"China's good story" database also set up a special content open platform, has been SASAC and more than a dozen other first-in-house units opened a "story number."
Demonstrations blast president to step down in Egypt's mountain rain to authorities show strong crackdown
Twitter hashtags and social media are trumpeting Egyptians taking to the streets today to peacefully demand the ouster of President Sisi.
But the authorities have indicated their intention to use force to suppress them.
Since the then-military chief, Mr. Sisi, seized power in a military coup in 2013, dissent has all but disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest has been plunged into extreme danger.
The Egyptian Centre for Economic and Social Rights, a Cairo-based NGO, says more than 1,900 people have been arrested since protests over the weekend that called for Mr. Sisi's ouster, the Guardian reported.
Allegations of corruption surrounding Thesis and his family's profligacy in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets on the 20th.
Egypt's Interior Ministry yesterday firmly stated that any attempt to destabilize the country will be decisive, and will not be soft.
Central Cairo has long been heavily guarded, with riot police, security vehicles and plainclothes police strewn across the streets around Tahrir Square, the site of Egypt's 2011 revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained a number of key scholars and social sages on the 25th, including Cairo University political science professor and well-known columnist Nafa.
He tweeted on the 24th : " I have no doubt that continuing to let Sessy rule be disastrous . " "
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately. "
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, who had served as a spokesman for Egypt's former military chief of staff, Anan, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to run for president with Sisi.
The president of the Constitutional Party, Davutoglu, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians say sweeping dissent reflects the government's instability and fragility at a time when the economic woes of the poor and the middle class are growing.
Opposition leader Ayman Nour , a former presidential candidate , said : The crackdown highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how scared it is . "
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, and because of widespread political repression, Sisi is trying to send a clear message to key generals and politicians who may replace them." "
Noor pointed out that the government's heavy-handed approach will only increase people's anger in the context of the continuing deterioration of the socio-economic situation.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor who is now in exile in Spain and is a construction contractor for Egypt's military, began uploading a series of videos earlier this month, boasting that he had benefited from government corruption and setting off a wave of small-scale demonstrations in different cities over the weekend.
Ali said his company, Amlak General Contract, could get lucrative contracts without having to go through a legal bidding process, stressing the corruption of the military and Sessy's relatives, including first lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi.
He was deeply remorseful for his involvement.
Ali claims that he helped Sisigai's magnificent palaces and luxury hotels contrast with the current abject life of Egyptians, who have yet to pay for it.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "Stand up and you're not alone," "Sissy you're done," "Sessy roll" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets calling on people to take to the streets peacefully to demand That's going down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amarwick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sissy is doomed... He's done, and his supporters are going to make a big mistake now. "
The Hong Kong Government has launched a free special training scheme to help employees affected by the recent economic impact to tide over difficulties
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government announced on the 27th that a free special training scheme will be launched for employees affected by the recent economic situation, and eligible trainees will receive a training allowance of up to HK$4000 per month upon completion of the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City are few and far between.
As a result of the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has dropped significantly recently, affecting the hotel, catering and retail industries except the tourism industry.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Mr Lo Chi-kwong, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Yau Teng-wah, met with the media on the commissioning of the Employees Retraining Board to implement a special training programme and measures to support the tourism industry.
Mr Lo described the challenges facing the Hong Kong economy as imminent and should not wait for the situation to calm down before starting work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government launched the project entitled "Special? Love Value Added" free training program.
It has been reported that people who have lost their jobs or been asked by their employers to take unpaid leave since June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Mr Lo said the most important part of the course was the training of "vocational skills" in 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering, as well as some new "innovation and technology" courses and cross-industry "universal skills" courses.
The Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, Mr Yu Pengchun, said that all courses were free of charge and the scheme was expected to support about 10 000 people in need.
Participants in the scheme will receive a special allowance, capped at HK$4000 per participant, if they complete each full-time or part-time course with an attendance rate of 80%.
It is reported that the training courses will last for two to three months and are provided by about 50 training institutions, with the public able to read the courses in the daily newspaper from 3 October to 31 March next year, with a maximum of four courses per person.
In addition, the HKSAR Government has also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry tide over the difficulties.
These include the relaxation of funding for the Travel Industry Council, the renewal of 6 000 tour guides for courses and the exemption of travel agents from annual fees.
Sports tired and brain-tired?
A study of athletes showed signs of fatigue in the brain after high-intensity exercise, Russian satellite news network reported.
The study, led by Mathius Pessiglion, an expert at the Pitier-Salpetrihospital Hospital in France, showed an apparent link between mental and physical labour: both require cognitive control of activity.
Perciglion explains: "You need to control the autonomous process of forcing yourself to stop when you are in pain in your muscles and joints." "
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Sport and Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding athletes in preparation for the Olympics.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which involves unsuppressed fatigue after high-load exercise, unable to recover and declining grades.
INSEP asks: Is part of the cause of the condition nerve fatigue, the kind of neurofatigue caused by excessive mental labor?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
Recently, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and specially planned exhibition finally unveiled the veil.
Xu Xiaohong's "Ben Ma", Qi Baishi's "Long Time of Peace", Li Ke-dye's "Wanshan Red All over the Forest", Shao Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Neutral's "Father", Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of The Great Sun" more than 480 pieces of fine works, bringing together the classic collection of more than 20 important art galleries in China, almost all the classics since the founding of New China.
"Great Course Magnificent Picture - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China Art Exhibition" rich and multi-dimensional display of the 70 years of the founding of New China's magnificent history and brilliant achievements, showing the Chinese people's unremitting struggle and self-improvement of the great spirit.
The exhibition is divided into a sequence and four chapters.
The exhibition is a large-scale, famous masterpieces, the exhibition exhibits more than 480 works, covering Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor powder, annual paintings, posters and other artistic categories, mainly in the collection of chinese art museum classics, bringing together more than 20 important academic institutions, art museum classic collections.
In addition, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism organized the implementation of the "national theme art creation" just completed more than 130 new works of realistic themes also focused on the first time.
In order to present the exhibition, the National Art Museum of China for the first time called all the exhibition space of the museum, in addition to the museum's three-story exhibition hall is all adopted, the outdoor courtyard space has also been built into a sculpture exhibition area, and through the exhibition design to form an exhibition pattern that echoes both inside and outside.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2.
The National Art Museum of China was closed to the public from September 28 to October 1, in accordance with beijing's unified arrangements for the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
September 27 is World Tourism Day , and this year's theme is " Tourism and Work : Building a Better Future for All " , and the Tourism Board has arranged a number of events , including a selection of lucky travellers and traditional tray competitions , to celebrate with residents and tourists .
On the same day, the special "World Tourism Day" gala dinner promoted exchanges with the tourism industry, with the participation of the Secretary for Social and Cultural Affairs, Mr Tam Junrong, and other participants to promote the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
The Director of Tourism, Mr Wen Yu-hwa, and the Deputy Secretary, Mr Xu Yaoming, and other leaders and relevant executives went to Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers of World Tourism Day.
Mr. Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand who has been one of the lucky travellers of the year, says he comes to Macau about four to five times a year, making it a tourist destination for a large and small destination, enjoying Macau's cuisine and visiting the city on weekends.
Macau tourism mascot "McMai" robot also came to welcome visitors, the Tourist Enquiry Office under the Tourism Bureau also arranged for all-day souvenirs to be delivered to visitors.
The traditional tray competition was held on the same afternoon, bringing together nearly 180 participants representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau, which coincided with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year, and the contestants lined up the number "20" at the Grand Three Bus House before setting off to add joy to the event.
There are also contestants wearing special costumes that complement the theme of the return.
Each contestant carries a bottle of "Macao beer" tray through the "Macau Historic District" street, the fastest speed to the beer safely to the terminal front of the pavilion, the process of intense stimulation, along the way to attract a large number of tourists to stop to take pictures and even cheer for the contestants, to show the charm of Macau's tourism.
The men's team title was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of the Sands Center in Macau; the women's team was won by Ye Xiaonet of Jiajing Group; and the most special clothing prize winners were O Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel.
On the evening of the same day, the Tourist Board invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, to attend the World Tourism Day Celebration Dinner.
Speaking at the dinner, Mr Tan said that the return to Macao's tourism industry in the 20 years had been changing day by day, but in the face of changing external environmental factors, the industry was encouraged to think creatively, to move forward on the basis of the success achieved, to adjust strategies and to conceive new tourism products and promotion models, to expand the market, and to encourage the industry to continue to support the promotion of Macao's tourism boom and sustainable development.
The dinner also featured the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region" and arranged for Macao singers to sing the local original congratulatory song "Lian cheng one" and a number of performances by six major tourism enterprises that fit the theme of the return, showcasing the diverse elements of tourism and leisure in Macao and the versatile side of the tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated 27 September as World Tourism Day , with the aim of raising international awareness of the importance of tourism , particularly its social, cultural, political and economic values .
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (Reporters Zhang Qianqian and Wu Yu) Chinese MinMin Bank on the 27th by interest rate bidding to carry out 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation.
As the day has 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase due, the People's Bank of China reverse repurchase operation to achieve a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that the day to carry out 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation, the term of 14 days, the winning bid rate of 2.7 percent.
This is the seventh consecutive working day for the central bank to carry out 14-day period reverse repurchase operations.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) rate released on the 27th showed that the overnight rate was 1.313 % , down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day , the seven-day rate was 2.59 % , up 1.3 basis points from the previous session , the 14-day rate was 2.95 % , down 1.7 basis points from the previous session , and the one-year rate was 3.048 % , unchanged from the previous trading day .
Making Chinese citizens "go out" more at ease - Cui Aimin, Director General of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first foreign ministry consular protection public welfare short film online, the end of the short film this sentence caused the majority of netizens to resonate.
Cui Aimin, director of the consular department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told Xinhua in an interview that the short film aims to further make the public feel "diplomatic for the people" feelings and temperature, so that Chinese citizens will feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will help them, give help, strength and hope.
Overseas peace no small matter, a leaf of total love.
Cui Said that in the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than a million a year" before the reform and opening-up to more than 100 million a year today, while chinese citizens travel overseas more secure, consular protection work and assistance from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, students, migrant workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major evacuationors or transfers of Chinese citizens overseas, and safely evacuated more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
The handling and coordination of various types of cases of assistance is about 500,000, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home, and it is no longer a dream to have a "walk-to-walk trip".
As of the end of August this year, China had concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport holders, according to Cui.
In addition, a growing number of countries unilaterally grant Chinese citizens visa-free or visa-on-arrival access.
Thailand, Egypt and other 42 countries and regions unilaterally granted visas on arrival to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, and 15 countries and regions, such as Indonesia, unilaterally allowed Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country visa-free.
In addition to visa-free, sign-on-arrival arrangements, Chinese citizens to apply for visas is also more and more convenient, more and more simplified procedures.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina reached mutual tourism, business personnel issued 10 years of valid multiple visas, and the United Kingdom reached mutual tourism, business, family visits to each other issued two-year multiple visa arrangements.
The UNITED Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop shop for visas", with France, Italy and Singapore reducing visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, multiple-entry, convenient customs clearance APEC business travel card is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining a five-year multiple visa for 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance to business personnel, especially private enterprisepers, to "go out".
At present, China's effective card holding sits first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to take visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, make the diplomatic work more translated into the people-friendly initiatives, and continuously improve the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, the city party secretary Cai Qi led the team to check the National Day period of safe production and holiday market supply.
He stressed that we should improve our political standing, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do all the work in a solid and detailed manner, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, so that the public have a happy and peaceful holiday.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and mayor, checked with him.
Tian'anmen Area Power Supply Service Center power supply area of nearly 7 square kilometers, the construction of intelligent inspection system, real-time monitoring and analysis of data, to achieve intelligent equipment operation, evaluation, security.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and safe production, asked the important details of power supply security work, and walked into the dispatch command hall, combined with the big screen to listen to the holiday period safety power supply, gas supply report.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the front-line staff, stressing that we should set up a bottom line thinking, grasp the fire and other work, more to the scene, pay attention to the end, each point one by one to strengthen the safety hazard detection and equipment operation monitoring, to ensure that the power supply, gas supply absolutely safe.
Wangfujing department store building, all kinds of goods are full of eyes, everywhere filled with the festive atmosphere.
The two-story Peace  Bureau, the green stone brick wall and the old shops such as the old photo studio, the grand theater, the food store, the old book bureau, are everywhere with a strong Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi, Chen Jining while watching, listen to Wangfujing department store with the pedestrian street transformation and upgrading to upgrade commercial operations, market supply report, to learn more about the holiday protection situation.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Store" and "Dabei Photo Gallery" and so on, to understand the sales of Beijing's specialty goods, along the way to ask visitors about the experience of the tour.
In Zhang Binggui candy counters, Beijing labor model, Zhang Binggui's son Zhang Chao and inherited the "one grasp" "one mouth clear" life, Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously carry forward the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi admonished, strengthen market monitoring, to ensure adequate and stable holiday supply, strict food safety, shopping malls and other crowded places to do a good job of fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "line length" to guard the passenger line operating safety.
Reporters from Jiangxi Province Road Transport Administration was informed that, as of now, 11 districts and 6 provinces in Jiangxi province, 1334 passenger lines have a "line length."
The head of Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration introduced that due to the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises in the form, the main responsibility of enterprise safety is not real, passenger vehicleover overspeed, driver fatigue driving and other illegal violations occur, road passenger safety situation is more serious.
In order to further compact the main responsibility of the safety production of road passenger transport enterprises and ensure the safety of passenger travel by car, Jiangxi began piloting the "line long system" in 2017 and gradually promoted in the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line long system" and selected 1334 "line-length" management lines, covering 4824 operating buses.
According to the introduction , the " line length " is generally designated by the road transport passenger transport enterprises as special personnel , specifically responsible for the management of the relevant line of people , cars , lines and other work , to ensure that the line responsible for the line , vehicles , drivers , operating environment and so on to carry out comprehensive control , to ensure the operation of the line safety .
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region , the Municipal Services Department will conduct a special public guided event from October to December , with food safety education staff leading a visit to the " 20 Years Of Photo Exhibition of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Australia " and the Food Information Station , to deepen the public's understanding of the safety and stability of food safety in the Mainland , as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macao .
Co-sponsored by the State Customs Administration and the Macao Special Administrative Region Municipal Services Department , the " Watch ingenuity and hand in hand - a documentary photo exhibition on the safety of food and agricultural products from the Mainland for the safety of the two decades of work in Macao " is being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Yuhan Hawker Building to attract a large number of people from Hong Kong and Macao to visit .
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will provide a special food safety public guide at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Yuhan Hawker Building from October to December at 3.30 pm (except public holidays) at the Yuhan Hawker Building, with a special food safety public guide tour led by food safety educators, as well as a food information station, with live graphics, films, cartoons and interactive games featuring food guides. To enable participants to gain an in-depth understanding of the work of the mainland food safety supervision and stable supply, as well as the food safety work in all aspects of the food from the import ation to market monitoring, and to learn the knowledge of food safety in daily life, so as to further pay attention to food safety, and play the "food safety of the government, industry, the public" spirit, jointly safeguard the food safety of Australia.
Each food safety guide activity time is about 30 minutes, interested members of the public can be interested in the day before the start of the event to the Yuhan hawker building, a property market housing department food information station registration, free of charge, limited places, first-come, first-come.
If you have any questions, you can call the Food and Security Line at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Bank Silver People's Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform Officially Launched - China New Network
Fujian Province tax bank yin people comprehensive tax payment platform officially launched.
Xinhua Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Province tax bank Yinmin comprehensive tax payment platform on September 27 in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province officially launched.
Reporters learned that on October 26, 2018, the central branch of the Chinese People's Bank of Fuzhou jointly signed a tripartite memorandum of cooperation with the State Administration of Taxation of Fujian Province, China UnionPay Co., Ltd.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of Chinese, said that the platform upholds the concept of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership, and connects the tax, government, banking, non-bank payment institutions and social service providers at the front end, providing mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, banking outlets, inclusive financial services points and other online tax payment channels, back-end unicom to the treasury, tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects for the benefit of the people, among them, urban and rural residents of the medical insurance fee collection project has been officially launched.
The project opened 14 channels online and offline, providing services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76 percent of Fujian's resident population.
Online can be through the "tax pass" "cloud flash payment" as well as the banks' APP, WeChat public number and other ways to pay health insurance fees;
Shi Dong, vice president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the Chinese,n'Min Bank, said that the successful launch of the platform, while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue into the treasury and real-time interaction of data information, can provide the public with safe and efficient, multi-channel, multi-modal tax services for the people.
At present, the province's more than 16,000 inclusive financial services points, more than 9000 have opened the function of medical insurance fee collection, to achieve rural residents "not out of the village" can be safe to check the payment of health insurance fees, so that the public have a stronger "gain", "happiness".
According to statistics, the platform urban and rural residents of the pre-trial trial of the medical insurance fee collection project 20 days, the service users have reached 840,000 times, of which, online payment users reached 750,000, inclusive financial services point payment users nearly 20,000.
In addition, the State Administration of Taxation, Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau Deputy Director Lin Guomirror revealed at the event, the platform in the country's first application of blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
From next month, the payer can also download the stamped electronic payment voucher directly from the mobile phone after completing the payment.
Based on blockchain technology, Fujian tax information network is being constructed, so the "highway" of private tax payment will be further widened.
U.S. to increase deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Department of Defense announced on the 26th, because of the Saudi oil facilities have been attacked, the United States will be in Saudi Arabia to deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four sets of "Sentinel" radar system and about 200 U.S. troops.
The Pentagon said in a statement the same day, the deployment will enhance the Saudi military targets and civilian infrastructure of air defense, anti-missile capabilities, and enhance the U.S. military presence in the region.
The statement also said u.S. Defense Secretary Esper also approved the inclusion of two Patriot air defense systems and a set of "Sad" anti-missile systems in the readiness to deploy.
Some U.S. defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying the patriots and Saad systems are not the main targets of the Attacks on Low Altitude Air, such as Saudi drones and cruise missiles, that the U.S. claims to be targets.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in a speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th that Iran can help maintain "security in the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport vessels through the Strait of Hormuz.
He also stressed that regional security can only be achieved if U.S. troops withdraw from the region.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two Saud national oil facilities and set off a fire.
The U.S. accuses Iran of carrying out the attack and imposing new sanctions on Iran.
The chairman of Seris' increase in holdings is completed last year, calling on employees to increase their holdings by up to 43 percent.
On the evening of September 25, Selis (603716. SH) announced that the company's actual controller, Chairman Wen Wei, has increased his total shares of the company by 1.0542 million shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange's pooled bidding transaction, accounting for 0.5139 percent of the company's total share capital, and the total amount of the increase amount is RMB209.26 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction fees) to complete the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of the increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Celis, accounting for 4.18 percent of the company's total share capital, the controlling shareholder Tianjin Ruimei Scientific InstrumentcoCommunications Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") held 82.1835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06 percent of the company's total share capital, Wen Wei held 66.06 percent of Tianjin Ruimei shares, is the actual controller of the company.
It's worth noting that this isn't the first time Serres has offered a good shot.
Since last September, in just one year, Celis has launched executive increases, chairman-style increase in holdings, share buybacks, equity incentives and other measures.
On September 18 last year, Celis announced that the company's Liu Wenhao and seven other executives who plan to increase their holdings have increased their holdings of 394.3 million shares (0.1922 percent of the company's total share capital), the total amount of the increase of 702.29 million yuan, the increase plan has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Mr. Seris chairman and controller Wen Wei proposed an initiative for employees to increase their stock holdings of the company and promised to compensate Mr. Wen for any losses.
The period of increase is from October 19 to October 31, 2018, the total limit of the company's shares shall not exceed 150 million yuan, after the increase in holdings of the company's shares for more than 12 months, may not be reduced, and compensation when the employee is in office.
Reporters combed found that in the above-mentioned initiative during the increase in staff sales of the lowest price of 14.02 yuan, the highest 16.44 yuan, to September 25 Celis closing price of 20.02 yuan, the maximum floating profit of employees increased by up to 42.80 percent, the lowest up to 21.78 percent.
On January 21 this year, Celis again approved the company's share repurchase program, announced that the total amount of funds to be used to repurchase shares is not less than 160 million yuan, not more than 280 million yuan.
On August 8 this year, the Company announced the "Serlis 2019 Restrictive Stock Incentive Plan (Draft) " announcement, and set a high performance unlock conditions.
According to the announcement, equity incentives are based on 2018 operating income and are growing at a rate of no less than 30 % , 70 % , 120 % and 185 % for the four fiscal years 2019-2022 .
Based on The performance of Celis in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded this year's 30% performance growth unlock conditions.
In the first half of the year, operating income was RMB842 million, up 46.50 percent YoY, and net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was RMB56.2324 million, up 16.46 percent YoY.
Since the 2018 mid-year report, Celis has reported revenue growth of more than 38 % YoY, with a maximum growth rate of 59 %.
In 2018, the company established a collaborative development strategy based on intensive operation services for medical inspection (IVD business), intensive operation services for medical supplies (SPD business) and regional inspection centers as breakthrough, and iterated to upgrade and promote SPD business on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business.
Selis related people told reporters that at present, in order to comply with the general trend of health care reform, to achieve rapid expansion, Celiss's three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the SPD business area, in January this year, Selis announced the signing of the "Medical Supplies Intensive Operation Seme Construction and Daily Operations Management Services Cooperation Agreement" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu Central Hospital for a period of three years.
"In fact, Seris is aggressively expanding SPD's business to provide medical institutions with sophisticated operating services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical supplies, and long-term revenue." "
The people said.
On September 17th, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Selis won the bid for a "medical supplies (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project" affiliated with Zhejiang University Medical College.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very gold-bearing, Yifu Hospital is the first public hospital Chinese mainland passed the International Hospital Review (JCI), the future smooth implementation of the project, is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, before Celis through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map basically completed the national province of the business area coverage.
Now the winning bid Yifu Hospital in Zhejiang and the next city, should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals, enhance the competitiveness of the company in the East China market.
This year, Serres is also laying out in emerging areas such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers to serve the National Day traffic travel.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 beijing traffic civilization volunteers will be officially on duty from the 28th, in Beijing, each point to provide voluntary services, the service period continues until October 8.
Previously, Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China activities leading group set up a special volunteer command, and in the early stage, for universities, communities, enterprises, all sectors of the community, the recruitment and training of more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers, volunteer services in the field of celebration, activities, large-scale achievements exhibition, National Day park and urban operation and security.
Among them, more than 78,000 volunteers of traffic civilization.
Gao Bing, director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization VolunteerS Sub-Command: From September 28to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers in Beijing's 1,700 traffic intersections and 308 subway stations, including more than 300 major transportation hubs for traffic diversion and traffic guidance.
After being held by Iran for two months, the British tanker "Stana Empire" was finally released and set off from the Iranian port of Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
As recently as the middle of last month, the British overseas territory of Gibraltar released an Iranian oil tanker that had been held for more than a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran News Agency, local time on the 27th at 9 am, the British "Stana Empire" oil tanker from the port of Abbas, to the persian Gulf international waters.
The port and shipping organization of the Iranian province of Hormuzgan confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made formal and written commitments and that they had no claims, despite the ship's detention.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the Stena Empire, also said the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left the port of Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero was seized by Iran in July.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave the port of Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian oil tanker off Gibraltar, Iran's Revolutionary Guards detained the tanker, named Stena Impero, in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said all the legal proceedings needed to release the Steiner Empire had been completed.
But Iran says the investigation is ongoing.
Several Iranian media outlets have also released video of the tanker setting sail.
On 19 July, the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British oil tanker, the Stanna Empire, in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz and escorted it to the port of Abbas.
Iran's seized oil tanker Grace One left Gibraltar.
In addition, on 4 July, the Authorities of Gibraltar, the British overseas territory, seized the "Grace I" tanker carrying Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on 15 August, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of Grace One.
This afternoon, the province's undergraduate university theme education review and rectification work of the special meeting was held in Changsha.
Ulan, deputy secretary of the provincial party committee, stressed that it is necessary to improve the political standing, strengthen political responsibility, strictly grasp the problem to examine and rectify, with the effectiveness of thematic education to promote the high-quality development of the Party building, thinking and reform and development of universities.
Ulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by the undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that the development of "remembering the first heart, remember the mission" theme education is a major deployment made by the CPC Central Committee, undergraduate colleges and universities should deeply study and implement The important speech spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping on the theme of "not forgetting the first heart, keeping in mind the mission".
From the enhancement of the "four consciousness", to achieve "two maintenance", practice the political height of the initial mission, seriously complete the theme of education provisions, especially solid rectification and review of the series of problems, overall do a good job in school reform and development work, so that "two not wrong two promotion."
Ulan stressed that we should adhere to the cutting edge inward, grasp the problem inspection, in accordance with the "four control" "four look for one" requirements, the standard-to-table to find the right problem, wide open-talking to solicit teachers and students staff, parents and the community's advice, from the ideological serious and deep analysis of the root causes, and then clear efforts to improve the direction and improvement of measures, to come up with a practical trick to crack the difficult problem.
To adhere to the precise power, strengthen the real reform, and effectively "reform" the word throughout.
To do a good job of the theme of education and "Lide tree people" and other work of the combination of articles, compaction rectification responsibility, to ensure that the problem is not falling, bottom ingons, in order to achieve the effectiveness of rectification.
We should adhere to the combination of specimens and treatment, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the cage of the system, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, to ensure that all the work has rules to follow, rules to follow, and really use the system to manage the power of people.
To adhere to the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in carefully examining rectification, take the lead when strictself, play a good role in the "key minority" demonstration, and strive to complete a good theme of education to review the various tasks of rectification.
Hunan University and other five colleges and universities Party committee responsible for comrades, provincial units responsible for comrades made a speech.
"One pass has been" two uh-voltage projects into operation
On the 26th, the quasi-east to the south of fujian, 1100 kV high-voltage DC transmission project, Sutong 1000 kV AC high-voltage GIL integrated pipe corridor project put into operation.
Both projects occupy the commanding heights in the respective fields of the current world transmission technology, and will greatly improve the large-scale optimization of China's energy allocation after operation.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the State Energy Administration, said that the quasi-east-to-south project is the world's largest transmission capacity, transmission distance of the furthest transmission project.
Its investment and transportation is of great significance to promote the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensure the power supply in eastern China.
GIL, i.e. gas-insulated metal closed transmission lines.
Sutong pipe corridor project, created the GIL project the world's highest voltage level, the strongest transmission capacity of the record, to achieve the east China backbone power grid the highest voltage level of the 'AC double-ring network' joint ring operation.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance of the quasi-east to south of fujian project is 3324 kilometers.
With conventional technology, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been developed and developed to significantly increase the economic transmission distance to more than 3000 km.
After the quasi-east to Minnan project, every 8 hours and 20 minutes can deliver 100 million degrees of electricity, can help to crack the existing new energy in Xinjiang to eliminate the problem.
According to full load estimates, this line alone will deliver 60 to 85 billion kilowatt hours of electricity per year, which will cover more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
Sutong GIL integrated pipe corridor project is an ultra-high-voltage AC ring network across the Yangtze River control project.
If the conventional overhead route crosses the river, two giant towers over 450 meters will be erected on the Yangtze River, and an artificial island of more than four football pitches will be built for each tower.
In this regard, the National Grid boldinnovation, the development of compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology, through the tunnel from the underwater river, to avoid the impact on the golden channel.
Two projects have pushed the manufacturing capacity of our country's electrical equipment to achieve a new leap.
At present, the State Grid has built a total of "10 to 11 straight" ultra-high voltage project, there are "4 to 3 straight" under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's external debt structure continues to optimize the stability of foreign debt enhancement
Overall, China's external debt structure has been continuously optimized and the stability of foreign debt has been enhanced. "
Wang Chunying, a spokesman for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and chief economist, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the risk of foreign debt is generally manageable.
Wang Chunying made the remarks in response to a reporter's question when the foreign exchange bureau released the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019.
Data show that as of the end of June 2019, China's full-diameter (including foreign currency) external debt balance was US$1998 billion, an increase of US$26.3 billion, or 1.3 percent, from the end of March 2019, mainly due to the growth of the debt securities balance.
In the second quarter of 2019, More than 70% of China's full-caliber foreign debt growth was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and the non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, medium- and long-term external debt accounted for an increase of 3 percentage points compared with the end of March 2019, while the external debt of the local currency increased by 1 percentage point compared with the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with China's domestic RMB bonds included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market has further increased and the holdingof of domestic RMB bonds has continued to increase.
"China's balance of payments has maintained an overall balance and the risk of external debt is manageable. "
Reporter 27 from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences learned that the current Yunnan grassland night ferrets have been effectively prevented and controlled, did not cause a large area of outbreak sinto disaster, prevention and control work achieved phased results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, first found the grasslands moved in from abroad, and then confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan, grass-for-night slugs gradually spread from Yunnan to Chinese mainland, posing a direct threat to China's food production.
Meadow gin is a kind of multi-food long-distance migration important agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas, and it is a major migrating pest of the FAO global warning, which has the characteristics of "international, migrative, explosive and destructive".
The pest harms more than 80 kinds of crops such as corn, sugar cane and sorghum, and can cause a loss of up to 70% of the yield.
The prevention and control is difficult, there is no registered pesticide to prevent and control the insect in China.
Since the grass-snout invasion of Yunnan, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected Yan Aidong Researcher, led the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences, agricultural cross-border pests in coordination with the Green Prevention and Control Provincial Innovation Team, rushed to the front line, field investigation, sample collection, and carry out technical guidance and test demonstration.
The team has mastered the population characteristics of Yunnan grassland stoic night slugs, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, drug toxicity and field control effect.
They actively carry out research and application of green prevention and control technology, through population monitoring, insect abduction, scientific drug use and agronomic measures and other green prevention and control technology implementation, in the demonstration area of the prevention and control effect has reached more than 90%, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protect the natural enemy resources and ecological environment, for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak of grass-covered night worm and sustainable management provides a technical guarantee.
At present, Yunnan grassland night ferrets have been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing large-scale outbreaks, and the prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
Next, Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration invasion outbreak, breaking through the biological prevention and green prevention and control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation, and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring sites and demonstration areas abroad, in order to enhance the comprehensive monitoring and early warning capabilities of Yunnan grasslands.
According to the website of Chinese MinMin Bank, Chinese MinMin Bank is scheduled to issue a set of Panda Plus Gold and Silver Commemorative Coins at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins a total of 2, of which 1 gold commemorative coin, silver commemorative coin 1, are the people's republic of China legal tender.
According to reports, the set of gold and silver commemorative coin front pattern is the Beijing Temple of Heaven, and published the name of the country, the year and "China International Import Expo" Chinese words.
The back of the 8g round gold commemorative coin is a mother-child panda map, and is published with the words "8g Au.999" and "China International Import Expo" in English and denominations.
The back of the 30g round silver commemorative coin is a mother-child panda map, and the words "30g Ag.999" and "China International Import Expo" in English and denominations.
According to the introduction, 8 grams of round gold commemorative coins for the universal coin, containing 8 grams of pure gold, diameter 22 mm, denomination 100 yuan, color 99.9 percent, the maximum circulation of 10000 pieces.
30 g round silver commemorative coins are universal coins, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, 10 yuan in denomination, 99.9 % in color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China Steps Out on a Development Path That Meets The National Conditions
BEIJING, Sept. 27 (Xinhua) -- China's State Council Information Office released a white paper on "China and the World in a New Era" on Wednesday.
The White Paper points out that over the past 70 years, Chinese people have made arduous explorations and advanced progress, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and achieved remarkable development achievements.
The white paper says China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development, relying on the "800 million shirts for a Boeing" spirit of hard work, generations of endless, continuous struggle, pay others unimaginable to ilverial toil and sweat; Sum up the lessons learned, learn from human civilization, dare to try, out of a road of their own.
The white paper said that China's interaction with the world has developed, and China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development.
China has taken concrete actions to safeguard world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not actively provoked any war or conflict, nor has it encroached on an inch of land in other countries.
The white paper points out that in the past 70 years, China's development has been a great success, the root cause of which is to find the correct path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and to follow it unswervingly.
This is a national conditions from the establishment of the people's interests in the first place, reform and innovation, in the opening up to seek common development, a comprehensive rule of law.
China's huge mass, complex national conditions, difficult to govern rare, without a centralized unity, strong leadership force, China will move towards division and disintegration, bring disaster to the world.
Over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one chinese miracle that has attracted the world's attention, the white paper said.
Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China's development has made historic achievements and brought about historic changes, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and getting rich to strengthening, bringing it closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show bright prospects for development as the times progress.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Cloth Merchants Declaration.
At the 2nd World Textile Trade Conference held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the World Cloth Business Declaration.
The declaration pointed out that, facing the future, relevant countries adhere to open synergy, science and technology-driven, fashion leap, will work together to promote the world textile industry high-quality development.
The World Textile Trade Conference gathered about 1200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions, and explored the path of sustainable development and win-win cooperation in the global textile industry around the trends of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division of labor pattern, trade pattern, innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustment, the textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation, responsibility development, "science and technology, fashion, green" development concept is deepening.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading , Sun Ruizhe said , " To achieve sustainable development and common prosperity , the industry needs the active participation of the global textile people , the various experts and the sharing of benefits . " "
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the Declaration of the World Cloth Merchants, which jointly expounded the goals and vision of the development of the global textile industry.
The Declaration on the World Business, which points out that, facing the future, relevant countries will adhere to open and coordinated relations, constantly promote the interconnection of industry and market, and jointly enhance the level of industrial chain development;
Loureno Bartholome, president of the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers, said in an interview that the publication of the World Business Declaration will help countries jointly upgrade the development level of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry .
Loureno Bartholome, for example, said that the Brazilian Association of Fashion Designers has more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands, designers are committed to designing fashionable, high-end ready-to-wear products, and Keqiao has a variety of fine fabrics, "Through this cloth trade conference, we also look forward to the excellent suppliers of Keqiao to establish contacts, seeking more opportunities for cooperation." "
As the host of the World Textile Conference, Keqiao has the world's largest textile market, is currently with its unique textile industry chain, and gradually build an internal upgrade, external expansion and opening up of the new pattern, representing China's textile image in the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Keqiao District Party Committee, said that Keqiao will take the business conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The yuan's median price, measured by Reuters, is expected to open at around 7.0883 yuan, with a counter-cyclical impact of 460 points.
The yuan's median exchange rate against the u.S. dollar is expected to close around 7.0883 yuan on Friday, down about 154 points from the previous day, according to a Reuters estimate of the yuan's exchange rate formation mechanism, according to a Reuters estimate.
The yuan closed at 7.1315 yuan against the dollar on the previous day, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of today's midpoint changereflected the impact of supply and demand in the market, while another 27 points reflected the number of points needed for a basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight, and 460 points of the rise reflected the impact of the "countercyclical factor".
The yuan's median price against the dollar, as measured by Reuters, was 7.0947 yuan, a 218-point deviation from the actual value reported by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
The RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (BIS) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively, according to the median price published by Reuters on Sunday, according to CFETS.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu, the tallest building in northern China, completed and created more than 100 national patents.
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th, marking the success of the collaborative management platform of the high-precision BIM model in the field of skyscraper construction, which was independently developed by the project department of Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center of the Eighth Bureau of China.
Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, the total construction area of 390,000 square meters, 4 underground, 100 floors above ground, building height of 530 meters, covering Grade A office, luxury apartments, super five-star hotels, etc. , will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
China Construction Eight Bureau Tianjin Zhou Dafu Financial Center Project Department related person in charge, the entire project with steel volume of more than 70,000 tons, high-altitude group of welds about 376,000 meters equivalent to 42.5 Everest peak height, the use of welding wire can be around the earth 40 laps, the number of steel components up to 42,000 pieces, more than 50% of non-standard components, including the world's largest single-layer twisting angle up to 90 degrees of elliptical steel pipe column.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of The Zhou Dafu project in Tianjin is unprecedented.
Industry insiders say that Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, in the country has been built or under construction of skyscraper projects, the first to implement the comprehensive implementation of building information model (BIM) management.
Creative lying and successfully implemented the full participation, full professional application, the whole process of implementation of the "three full BIM application" model, the development of a high-precision BIM model based on the collaborative management platform.
The person in charge said that in the construction process of Zhou Dafu, the project department first in the virtual world to carry out BIM construction, scientific verification and then material physical construction, which will be in the past construction work may produce demolition, rework problems eliminated in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation achievements of the Chow Tai Fook Financial Center Project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award at the Global AU Masters and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Awards Ceremony.
During the construction process of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the Tianjin Zhou Dafu project BIM innovation achievements and scientific and technological innovation, not only make the complex, numerous construction links have all achieved one-time excellence, the construction period shortened by more than four months, but also led to a significant increase in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center Project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Myanmar-Thai Mekong River Joint Patrol law enforcement was completed.
Reporter 27 from the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau information office was informed that the same day at 15:30, participated in the 86th China-Myanmar-Thai Mekong River joint patrol law enforcement of the Chinese 3 law enforcement boats and Two Lao law enforcement boats successfully berthed in China's Guanli port, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanren Port on the 24th, lasted 4 days and 3 nights, the four countries sent a total of 136 law enforcement personnel, law enforcement boats 6.
During the operation, formations conducted joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Bansango in Laos and Mengmo.
In addition, China has also sent a delegation of police combat instructors to the Lao People's Army 122 and 133 border guard companies to carry out police combat skills exchange, effectively enhance the emergency response capacity of law enforcement officers from both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China and Myanmar and Thailand also held an exchange meeting on law enforcement cooperation in Qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other of the recent situation of border management, combating drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River basin, to reach consensus on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and to hold cultural exchanges between the four countries, to carry out competitions such as football, rattan ball, iron ball and tug-of-war, and effectively enhance mutual understanding among law enforcement players and law enforcement cooperation between the four countries.
Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau water patrol team related to the person in charge of the introduction, after the operation, the two sides will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and sub-phased joint patrol mission, improve the Mekong River police rate, to maintain the security and stability of the Mekong River basin.
The Thai commander-in-chief said that since the launch of the Joint Patrol law enforcement on the Mekong River, China, Myanmar and Thailand have closely exchanged, deepened practical cooperation and achieved fruitful results in many fields such as law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the Four Sides will continue to deepen and expand law enforcement cooperation, and strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries, so as to make new contributions to the maintenance of security and stability in the Mekong River basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami said on the 25th that he opposes any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran news agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile power" would damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran's leaders support improving the missile program.
Iran and Iran reached a 2015 deal that the U.S. withdrew from last May and reinstated and tightened sanctions in an attempt to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iran nuclear deal to limit Iran's weapons program and regional activities.
Some Western leaders have used the UN General Assembly to mediate U.S.-Iranian tensions.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly on the 23rd.
After the meeting, the three leaders issued a joint statement urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss the Iran nuclear agreement "minor changes, additions or amendments" if the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi as the head of the jury
Chinese, the film "Under the White Cloud" directed by Beijing Film Academy Professor Wang Rui, is the only Chinese-language film shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opens on October 28th, and will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Tokyo International Film Festival's top prize, the Golden Kirin Award.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Peach Li Man", which tells the story of an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple who, due to the different life pursuits of a certain life dilemma, starring Mongolian actors Jizhimutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two world premieres during the festival , with release dates on October 31 and November 3 respectively .
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival will be held from October 28 to November 5 this year at the venues of Heimoto, Nibigu and other venues in Tokyo, and on the afternoon of September 26th, the organizing committee of the film festival held a press conference to officially announce the main competition unit for the Golden Kirin Award, the "Future of Asia" unit, the "Special Hospitality Works", The Cinema Tsien, "World Focus" and other modules.
The director of the competition film introduction of the Chinese competition film "Under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi is the international jury chair of the main competition unit of the film festival.
"Future asia" module has 3 Chinese-language films
In a series of units at the Tokyo International Film Festival, it is second only to the "Future asia" unit of the main competition films, and although only eight shortlisted films are less than the main competition, three Chinese-language films from Chinese mainland and Hong Kong have been shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin , "Mai Passer" starring the film emperor Guo Fucheng and the film queen Yang Qianxuan , and a mainland film is the "Summer Night Knight " directed by Yu Xing .
In addition, "Ice Peak Storm", a Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film starring Yu Fei, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be released at this year's festival as a "special entertainment work".
The festival's spokesman, "Goddess" Quang Alice, was absent from the press conference for some reason and delivered a video statement.
The famous director Yoko Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yukang Ando, director of the film festival, and the film director of the various units, Mr. Ando Yukang, took the stage to deliver a speech on the purpose of the festival and the films released.
As a special guest of the press conference, the opening film - "The Story of The Tshiro" series 50, "The Story of The Welcome To The Return" director Yoshihiko Yamada, the two finalists in the main competition unit of the Japanese film director Handy-Jin ("Baropola"), "Comedy Love Wife") , as well as the famous playwright and screenwriter Nakajima, also appeared at the press conference to tell the story of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The main competition unit's international jury consists of five people, chaired by China's Zhang Ziyi, and the other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noor and Japanese director Kwanmu Longyi.
In addition , TIFFCOM ( International Imaging Market ) , held in parallel with the Tokyo International Film Festival , will feature a record 401 group booths this year at the Chibag Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center , with 90 exhibitors from China , up 6.4 times from 14 last year .
To this end, TIFFCOM will open the day of October 22, as "China Day (CHINA DAY)," held a number of lectures, seminars, and invited Japanese director Ishii Yu also participated in related activities, the evening's welcome dinner also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Started
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (Reporter Li Wei) rich in the panda culture theme tourism routes, panda base in the future can accommodate 180 giant pandas. "Panda Planet" and the expansion of the Research Base for Giant Panda Breeding was officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned by Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, Chengdu to create the "Panda Capital" by the North Lake Area, Dujiangyan District and Longquan Mountain Area 3 areas, an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecology, cultural value and Chengdu's beautiful livable park city to create an ecological home for giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake area, covers an area of 35 square kilometers, combined with industrial planning, will form a "1 - N-X" regional spatial structure.
1 core attraction, namely, the research base of giant panda breeding, the expansion and expansion project, the N cultural tourism consumption scene, namely, panda town, remote garden, dream garden, etc., X regional basic facilities.
Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base will be expanded, the scale will reach 3525 acres, the overall positioning of the world-class panda protection demonstration site, people and animals good time sharing.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their companion animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
In recent days, a number of international dignitaries and envoys have congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and highly valued the achievements of the new China and its significance to global development, according to the China Voice News and Newspaper Digest of the Central Radio and Television Station.
Mali's President Keita said in an exclusive interview with the Central Radio and Television Station that he has visited China many times and that China's development has achieved remarkable results over the past 70 years and has benefited the world.
Keta: I am a friend of Chinese people, a sincere friend.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought greatest happiness to the peoples of the world.
We hope that all success will be made in China, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday, bless China!
The Prime Minister of Barbados, Mr Motley, said: Happy birthday to the People's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because it is also my birthday.
Recently ( 25 ) , chinese envoys from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited Beijing for a " Great Journey - A Large Achievement Exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China " .
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: see first-hand The starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy, compared with today and 40 years ago, the situation is too much progress.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities in the area to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt wishes to China.
On September 26th Baidu announced the launch of the unmanned "Level 4" fully autonomous taxi fleet Robotaxi on a specific highway in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving start-up Ma Jihang also launched a pilot operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong province.
Pilot operations of self-driving taxis, backed by the Chinese government, may be expanded in various places.
Since the 26th, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation, and passengers in Changsha city can apply for rides through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The number of roads to be operated on trial sits at 50 km by the end of 2019 and is planned to be extended to 135 km by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the "Red Flag EV" for FAW Group's pure electric vehicle, equipped with a system developed by Baidu's "Apollo Program" with the support of the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program is attended by more than 150 companies including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler, Ford of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Nvivida.
Around China's self-driving taxis, Drip Travel, The country's largest online taxi service, has announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai this year.
Competition for self-driving development in China is likely to become more intense.
Taiwan scholar Jian Yan : "Uncertain Age" Taiwan businessmen need to keep up with the mainland's development of mainstream industries
The 2019 Business Innovation Business Model Forum was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
The event invited representatives and scholars from Taiwan businessmen to share their experiences on corporate transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was organized by the Taipei Institute of Business Management, and co-organized by Group Yi Jinding Securities, outstanding mainland Taiwan Business Association and other organizations.
The two-day conference was divided into transformation and upgrading model, business strategy and other seminars, more than 100 people attended.
Chen Mingxuan, director of the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, said trade frictions between China and the United Chinese mainland continued and Taiwanese businessmen faced an "uncertain era".
In his view, Taiwan businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developing on the mainland, with particular attention to innovative products related to science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen valued quality, effectiveness and delivery. "
Chen Mingxuan believes that the above-mentioned conditions for Taiwanese businessmen are no longer enough at the moment.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should combine speed and service, speed up the supply chain, pay attention to extended services and life products.
In addition , "service value added" is also a new area that Taiwanese businessmen can develop vigorously .
Taiwan business representatives spoke link, from Guangdong Taiwan business ai Electronics Co. , Ltd. Chairman Xu Wentang introduced that Yayi Electronics has been due to the sharp decline in orders led to operational difficulties, the Group from the adjustment of structure, activation of assets and other aspects of the start to improve the operating conditions.
It took three years for enterprises to achieve revenue by taking away the traditional electrical business, transforming the electronic equipment for the transformation of vehicles, and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Sun God (Zhuhai) Electronics Co. , Ltd. General Manager Bai Hongxuan suggested that if the development of new customers difficult, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide a "one-stop" service.
Customers change suppliers are no more than poor service, high prices, low quality, slow delivery speed, fewer varieties, integrity issues six factors, as long as this six points, coupled with timely transformation of production lines, expand product categories, enterprises will become customers irreplaceable suppliers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Awards" ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Business Management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's Economic Daily, Lu Zhengxuan, general manager of Golden Land, an operations center based in Shanghai, was awarded the "Outstanding Taiwan Business and Cross-Strait Contribution Award".
New rules for comments: social capital to obtain rural land management rights need to be qualified
Social capital needs to be qualified to obtain the right of rural land management
"Measures for the Management of the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" for public consultation To supervise the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises to obtain land management rights
Yesterday, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs website published on the "Rural Land Management Rights Transfer Management Measures (Revised Draft For Comments) " (hereinafter referred to as the "Opinion Draft") for public consultation notice, increasing the social capital transfer of industrial and commercial enterprises to obtain land management rights supervision and risk prevention.
The Opinion Draft is open to the public for comments from now on.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs said that in order to implement the newly revised Rural Land Contracting Law, further consolidate and improve the basic management system in rural areas, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the "three-power separation" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the Measures for the Transfer and Management of Rural Land Contractmanagement, and formed the Opinion Draft.
Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that the first published "Opinion Draft" has a number of important changes.
The newly revised Rural Land Contract Law defines the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "three-power separation", sets up "land contract management right" and "land management right" respectively, and makes a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange and transfer of land management rights (lease, subcontracting, equity or other means) of land contract management rights.
In this "Opinion Draft", in order to implement the concept of "three-power separation", effectively respond to the "rural land contracting law" revision of the key purpose, and take into account the transfer of land management rights and land contract management rights exchange, transfer in the parties, procedures, supervision and other aspects of the large differences, the revised draft for the transfer of the scope of circulation, focusing on the transfer of land management rights, transfer methods including leasing, equity, etc. , the name of the regulations from the "rural land transfer management measures" changed to the "rural land transfer management measures."
The transfer and exchange of land contract management rights will be separately promulgated as administrative measures.
The Opinion Draft points out that under the background of the "separation of powers", farmers only take stock in the right to operate land for a certain period of time.
Theoretically, even in the event of bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only risk losing the right to operate for a certain period of time, so it is not legally necessary to provide for the return of the contracted land to the original contractor, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
In view of the problem of preventing the risk of farmers losing their land, preferential shares, rent-after shares and buy-back have been produced in practice.
Considering that the preferred shares have a more mature theoretical discussion in the company law, it is suggested that it should be regarded as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of loss of land.
