State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered the old district of jiangnan revolution.
In order to deepen the educational outcome of " don't forget the original intention, remember the mission " Central Military Integration Office, the National Defense Bureau of science and industry and industry and industry joint organization " State-owned enterprises and dominant private enterprises entered gansu. Research activities in the old district of the South Revolution, revisit the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inheriting red genes, and carried out a connection between related businesses with the needs of ganzhou city, and promote the development
Jin Zhuang long, Deputy Director of the central military integration office, Vice Minister of the central United Front Department, Secretary of the National Federation of commerce and commerce and deputy chairman xu lejiang, director of National Defense Science and industry and industry, Deputy Secretary of Jiangxi Provincial Committee, jiangxi provincial committee state party secretary li bingjun and others participated in the investigation.
The companies participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as china aerospace technology group co. Ltd, the Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, 10 dominant private enterprises, and other private companies.
During this time, researchers visited the memorial garden where the central red army long March, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received a revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult journey of the red army's long March, and surveyed 7 companies and 1 tests in ganzhou city. The Center, held symposium, reached 8 COOPERATION PROJECTS AND SIGNED LIVE.
During the symposium on research activities, ganzhou city introduced its unique industrial advantages, introducing quality projects to participating companies.
China weapons industry group co. Ltd, China Steel Research Technology Group Ltd, XI ' an tian and defense technology co. Ltd. and jiangxi jinli yongmagnet technology co. Ltd. On behalf of the military industrial group, Minkou State-owned enterprises, private enterprises, and local enterprises, said that it will continue to strengthen state-owned enterprises, advantage private enterprises with the demand docking with jiangxi province and ganzhou city, gradually expand the areas of cooperation, assist in industrial transformation and upgrade, and promote high-quality development in the revolutionary old
Through this research activity, we have further understand the unique industrial development advantages of ganan revolutionary region, clarified the key tasks of economic and social development in the old districts at the current stage of the revolution, and firm the belief that state-owned and private enterprises serve the people, and officers to start-up in jiang the original central Soviet area, adjust structure, benefit the people's livelihood, promote quality change, efficiency change, dynamic change, and power change.
Comprehensive law enforcement commodity prices are basically stable before Beijing market regulator
China news network, Beijing, September 27 (reporter du yan) to strengthen market regulation before the festival, the Beijing Municipal Market Regulator Inspected more than 2000 households in various operators on the eve of national day.
Inspection shows that food oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg milk are abundant supply, commodity prices are basically stable, no serious violations, and the market operating order is generally smooth.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing municipal market regulator that the bureau carried out "comprehensive law enforcement inspection day" activity across the city, which focuses on price, commerce, industry, quality supervision, medicine, business, business, and business. Law Enforcement Inspection, fully regulates market operation order.
According to the introduction, five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Municipal Market Regulator Price, commerce, industry, quality supervision, pharmaceutical, and business are working closely together. The heads of various law enforcement agencies lead the team to conduct joint law enforcement checks on selected operating subjects selected at random. PM
During the inspection, law enforcement officers focused on price behaviour, advertising, food safety, measurements, production safety systems, etc.
All District market regulators also organized joint enforcement checks, dispatched more than 1600 times by law enforcement officers to check more than 2000 businesses. The inspection shows that food oil, meat, fruits, vegetables and eggs sold in the market. Basic necessities such as milk are sufficient supply, commodity prices are basically stable, operators can abide by the law, no serious violations, and the market operation order is generally smooth.
The Beijing municipal market regulator said that during the national day, it will strengthen emergency duty, continue to conduct inspection and inspection of the market, deal quickly with the various market regulation issues in accordance with the law. Once confirmed, it will be dealt with the law, it will be dealt with the law and safeguard the consumer. Legal interests.
Confucius Academy of Cambodia's Confucius Institute unveiled
The Chinese article contest, featuring the 70th anniversary of new China, was unveiled and held an award ceremony at the Confucius Academy of the Royal Academy of Cambodia on the 26th.
Chinese Embassy Diplomats in Cambodia, representative of the Cambodian Council and chairman of jiangxi chamber of commerce, wei siyu, and other awards for the award.
According to the Chinese President of Confucius Academy of the Royal Academy of Cambodia, the Confucius Academy of Cambodia, the Confucius Institute, the Confucius Academy of Cambodia, the Confucius Academy of Cambodia, the Confucius Academy.
Chinese Embassy in Cambodia Diplomat Zhong Kong issued certificate of award certificate for first prize winner lin weicai, and first prize winner of primary and middle school group.
Chaik Qing said that the entries were conducted separately from the university and primary and secondary school groups, inviting Cambodian Senior Chinese experts to form a judging committee. Through Initial Review, reevaluation, final review, final evaluation, etc. 2nd prize, 2nd prize, 3rd prize, 10 outstanding prize; 1 first prize in primary and secondary school, 5nd prize, 5RD PRIZE 10 name, Excellence Award 20
Lim Wei, a first prize winner of the university group, said that it has been learning Chinese for 15 years and has had a huge impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under "Belt and road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. I hope that the younger generation will continue to add brick the sino-Cambodian friendship.
Pictured guests and winners.
Guo Lina, first prize winner of primary and secondary and secondary school, said that as a Chinese Overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the feelings of "heart of China" through the language of her ancestral country and to win the award.
The Organizer said that through the contest, not only created a positive atmosphere of China-Cambodian relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has started using advanced centrifuge to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015
Comprehensive Foreign Media reports, the iaea reports that advanced centrifuge at Iran's natanz nuclear facility is " building up or ready to accumulate enriched uranium
Since U.S. President Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal last may and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the limits of the nuclear deal reached with big powers in 2015
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first generation IR-1 Centrifuge to refine uranium.
Other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the deal, but tehran repeatedly accused Europe of doing enough.
Japanese foreign minister maki momoki met with Russian foreign minister lavrov in his visit to New York on the afternoon local time, confirming that it will be advanced to include the Northern Islands (Japan) Japan-Russia disputed Islands, Japan, called " four Northern Islands " and Russia called " South Kushima ") have concluded negotiations on territorial issues, developing relations between the two countries in a wide range of politics, economy, and the two countries, and the two sides also coordinate maomomomo a visit to Russia reached agreement.
This is the first consultation with Russia since mauki became foreign minister, as head of negotiations for the conclusion of a peace treaty.
Mauki told Russia that " includes advancing common economic activities (in the four Northern Islands), hoping to actually hold negotiations
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At The Japan-Russian summit meeting in December 2018, the two foreign ministers confirmed the course of accelerating negotiations.
During the meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress in the negotiations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Mauki said on the pilot tour business scheduled to be launched in October: " hope to successfully implemented and make the next step. PM
In addition, the talks confirmed that lavrov will coincide with the group of twenty (G20) Foreign Minister s' meeting in nagoya city in November.
Tuionetoa was elected the new prime minister of Tonga.
Nuku alofa news: South Pacific Island Tonga Parliament elected current minister of finance and national planning bohiva tuionetoa as the new prime minister of Tonga, replacing illness earlier this month former prime minister akilisi bohiva.
The Tonga Parliament has a one-House System, composed of 26 Mps, according to Tonga major media matangi.
In the day's parliamentary vote, tuionetoa won 23 votes for defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and minister of infrastructure and tourism, and tourism, and successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy, with the separation of powers of executive, legislative and judicial system.
Tuionetoa still has to accept the appointment of the king.
The next Tonga parliamentary election will be held in 2021
Women's volleyball is expected to defend the world cup ahead of time
On the 27th, the Chinese team was pulled back by their opponent after winning two straight games against the Dutch Women's volleyball, and ended up to a ninth straight win with 3:1 Rick Holland.
As the world cup is coming to an end, although the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball can't be taken lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two games against the Netherlands, the Chinese women's volleyball performance was as strong as always, with 25:19,25:16 down two cities, until the third round, the team faced setbacks.
Dutch Women's volleyball increased the offensive in backward situation, and the Chinese team was hit, plus the girls offensive, the mistakes began to increase, and eventually pulled back to a city with 21:25
Langping also said in an interview: " in the third round, we sent about 8 points due to mistakes. PM
Of course, the power of Dutch Women's volleyball should not be underestimated. Even before the Chinese women's volleyball game, although i lost a game, everything is still in lang ping's control. "it is normal to win or lose with the strong team, and lose five games. It's normal, so we told the team to focus," lang ping said.
In the fourth round, the players positively adjusted their status, Zhang changning opened the offensive end. He scored 8 points in a single game to make a big win.
So far, there are only two rounds of the 11 rounds left. Although one hand has touched the champions trophy, it does sound a wake-up for Chinese women's volleyball in the match against the Netherlands: the more critical it is moments, the more you have to go out.
In another game on the 27th, Russia and the U.S. Women's volleyball filled 5 games, and the U.S. team failed to score all three points from their opponents, so the Chinese women's volleyball is only against Serbia with all three points in the game, you can defend the title in advance.
All things are moving towards the favorable situation in China's volleyball.
However, while Serbia's top six major players are missing, that doesn't mean they will easily send three points to the Chinese team.
In the current form of the scoreboard, Serbia have basically lost the medal, which means they can "Light" against China women's volleyball, let go to hit their opponents with full pressure to win. The State may instead be ups and downs.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not "slaughtered" Lamb, which was previously in a game against the Netherlands, and Serbia two teams finally turned the Netherlands 3:2 the full main lineup shows the depth of their lineup.
Before the third stage of the game, lang ping also said that both teams were not easy to deal with: " Osaka will be very difficult, we still have to prepare carefully as always. PM
Now that the defending horn has blown, the game is really into the " White heat
When it comes to strength, the Chinese women's volleyball is above their opponents. It's only the last crucial moment, and depends on whether women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the court.
The University of Macau held the second macau stem seminar today (27), attracting more than 27 countries and regions such as the us, Singapore, mainland, Hong Kong and macau to engage in "Foreign stem cells." Expert scholars in the field of research share and explore the latest technology and developments in stem cell research with teachers and students in macau universities.
Australian Vice-Principal (research) Gwi said stem cell research has medical value and is also one of the key research projects in Australia. The seminar will help push into macau research and development in the field of stem cells.
As a leading international comprehensive university in the west bank of guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, Australia is committed to building the west bank talent culture and technology innovation center in the west coast, to help the innovation development in the bay area.
The seminar brings together domestic and foreign stem cells research experts to share the latest technology that will help boost stem research and development in Macau.
Australia has stepped up scientific innovation and transformations in recent years, and improved significantly in the quantity and quality of papers, and Australia has achieved fruitful results in stem research.
At the meeting, a group of prominent scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-Edge Technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, a fellow of the Chinese Academy of science and head of the primate of the kunming university of science and technology, explains the process of using a 3 D culture system to study the monkeys and human embryos and their molecular mechanism; Shanghai, Chinese Academy of sci jing naiho, a researcher at biochemical cells, explains the spatial changes in mice embryonic genealogy decisions and tissue from single-cell and molecular levels. Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University Professor Wang Yong shows you how to use gel simulates stem cell micronest for survival and delivery.
Xu Renhe, Vice Dean (research) of the Australian Academy of health sciences (research), Assistant Dean Chen Guokai and wang chunming, associate professor wang chunming, Deputy Professor of the Australian Institute of medicine.
The second macau stem seminar was hosted by the school of health sciences of the university of Macau, co-sponsored by the Chinese Medicine Institute of Chinese medicine and the national key laboratory of science and technology university of Macau University of science and technology, senior manager of science and technology development fund waiting to participate in the meeting.
A total of 11 academic reports on embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, mechanism research and conversion applications of stem cells, biomaterials and applications.
The atmosphere of the workshop was intense, and participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and perspectives on related technology.
Xu Ren He said that the seminar provided a platform for stem cell experts in the great bay area and beyond, as well as valuable learning opportunities for students.
The National Medal of the people's Republic of China and National Honorary Award ceremony will be held.
With the approval of the communist party of the communist party, the national medal of the people's Republic of China and the National Honors ceremony will be held on September 29 at 10 a.m. in the great hall of the people.
Chinese Communist Party General Secretary, State President and chairman of the central military commission xi jinping will award the medal of friendship " Medal " and state honorary medal " and state honorary medal of National Honors respectively.
With the approval of the communist party of the central committee, the national medal of the people's Republic of China and the national honorary ceremony will be held at 10 am on September 29 at the great hall of the people in
This is the " Medal of the republic
The "Medal of the republic" features red and gold color. The chapter uses elements of the National Emblem, Pentagon, Yellow River, Yangtze River, Peony, Peony and other elements such as Chinese knot, orchids, Orchid, and so on. Craftsmanship, symbolic medal recipients have made a huge contribution to the construction and development of the Republic, salute the highest honor of the country, blessing the country prosperity, and symbolizes the Chinese dream of all peoples of United in building a great revival of the Chinese
This is the " Medal of friendship
The "Medal of friendship" features gold and blue color, the chapter uses elements such as pigeons, earth, handshake, Lotus Flowers, and other elements such as Chinese knot, Peony, Peony, Orchid, Orchid, and so on, and so on. Handmade craftsmanship symbolizes the friendship between the Chinese people and peoples and the long lasting friendship. I wish all countries of the world a prosperous development
This is the national medal of honor.
The National Honorary Medal is red and gold color. The chapter features five-Star, Tianananananmen, flags, light, and other elements, and other elements such as Chinese knot, flowers, and other elements. It is made with cold pressure, flower, Silk Inlaid, enamel, etc. The National Honorary winners have made a significant contribution in various industries in various fields, highlighting the role of the demonstration, inspired people across the country to remember their original intentions, remember their mission, and fight tirelessly to realize the Chinese dream of a great revival of the Chinese
Central Radio and television station, Xinhua network will be live broadcast live on the award ceremony, people's network, CCTV network, China network and people's daily clients, xinhua news client, CCTV news clients, etc. New media platform is streaming simultaneously.
" for 70 years, NATO's containment and defensive measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological advantages, stortenberg in a speech at the west point military academy. PM
He said, but times are changing.
Stortenberg said: " the competition we're experiencing is getting intense.
Therefore, it is time for us to redouble our efforts to be sure no one will surpass us. PM
" some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in dictatorship, he said.
Chinese companies are studying the 5 G Network.
Russia is developing independent internet and investing heavily in developing the next generation of weapons such as high-speed missiles. PM
Stortenberg said that NATO's future security " depends on its ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology
On September 24, "a boat ticket took me to see" was held in orange chau, changsha. More than 100 disabled people from changsha were invited to board the orange island star cruise to enjoy xiangjiang. Magnificent scenery to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event were aboard a cruise for the first time.
Zhao Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a disabled person with limb. He rarely goes out because of his feet.
He said: " I took a cruise for the first time today. I enjoyed the magnificent waves of xiangjiang river at close range. I felt the pulse of changsha. I am very excited and unforgettable pm
Volunteers from the fukang social work service center in changsha city and blue sky rescue team provide meticulous services to the disabled.
Especially for those with severe physical disabilities, volunteers carry them off and off cruise.
The relevant head of the fukang social work services center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the party and the government, the cause of people with disabilities in changsha city has progressed, and more and more people with disabilities are truly become participants and contributors to social economic development. With those who are enjoying, caring to help people with disabilities, and caring to support the cause of the disabled has become a community consensus.
The Republic is about to celebrate its th anniversary, the spotlight of various media, making many images we don't remember very often remember - it's them, bringing heat to our shining days, bring light source...
However, if a hero walks around, it also looks like you like me.
Yuan longping, dedicated to rice research, cultivating the world, has breeding more than a billion people from the risk of starvation. He usually like an old farmer who likes to walk around the field; rendong, the chief scientist who has worked hard to keep China's "eye of heaven" angry, a person, a lifetime, one thing in a pot, has only done in his life, eating cold steamed bun in the deep mountains of guizhou, nothing different from the old man in the stockade.; Zhou Yu-Chang, a red scientist, a late village boy, still looks like a naked son, learning in the west, holding a fluffy white hair, talking about learning to the heart, he likes to laugh; Qin Yi, the red film artist, after ninety years old, still bumping on the plateau for six or seven hours a day, and is happy to act as an unknown old maid in the legend of demons...
They seek benevolence, live simple, simple and persistence. As long as they are immersed in the careers and they do not understand themselves, they will easily live happily. They don't care about being rich and glory.
Just like jin yong's novels, Shaolin Temple, the floor-sweeping monastery, although he is shocked by martial arts, does not show no pride, no joy or sadness.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of naked child, has a share of his home country that gives me.
The responsibility of the nation is not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of billions.
Once, the words of a female high school student, she was crazy by netizens, " when heroes pass by, someone must sit by and applaud...... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting by the roadside clapping. PM PM
In fact, being a hero and applause a hero is not contradictory.
People who applaud by the road are also passing heat and light, and they are also luminous.
Ordinary as you are like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are moments, there are a kind of accumulation and also shaping the appearance of heroes.
Shanghai's outstanding judge zou bihua, who is responsible for judicial reform, but at the annual conference, let master of the communication room come to tell his story. He sent countless newspaper letters a year, " do the simple things well, it is not easy. " Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to this " sweeping monk " old collection.
This is the love between heroes, one hero applauding another hero.
The sweeping monks have shaolin monastery, Yuan longping has a vast rice experiment field, nan " sky eye... Qin yi has a stage, Zhou yu chang has a forum... can he be a hero, not alone you must rely on your own efforts, and have a good environment and positive motivational mechanism.
For example, " Chinese sky eye now it seems like a myth.
In the 90 s, China's science and technology community was still climbing hard, and novelist liu cixin has yet to write " three bodies
The greatest " eye " of the time was the single-Sided Radio Telescope in the Puerto Rico Valley of Puerto Rico - Arecibo, with a diameter of 350 meters, considered the most " insurmountable " world.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less than one tenth of others.
While Nandong, who enjoys world-class research conditions and salary in Japan, insists on returning to his country, bringing back an almost insane idea: building a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China and receive more messages from outer space. I am going to have a lot of
China is waiting to make a lot of money to play stars?
The motherland trusts in nan rendong, and the "sky eye" project has begun.
It took 12 years to choose the site, and the project was completed again 9
The 500-Meter-meter " eye " opened, and China has made no precedent to follow, " the world's unique big science project
Therefore, the "eye of heaven" is amazing, the south rendong are amazing, and the Republic Standing High-looking far away.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the citizens, the nan rendong have the chance to become the soul of the nation.
There are young talents, White-haired heroes passed by, and there are people clapping gently on the side of the road. Such a country is beautiful and harmonious.
Spam classification education first into jilin kindergarten's environmental protection concept from dolls
On the 27th, a kindergarten in jilin city, jilin province conducts spam classes to teach toddlers to distinguish recyclable garbage from
It is reported that this is the first time spam classification entered a local preschool education class.
Recently, nine departments of jilin province jointly issued the work program for promoting local urban life spam classification in province.
Based on a pilot trial on the mandatory classification of living waste in changchun city in 2019, the province decided to carry out spam classification in local cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we can achieve the effect of driving families, Kindergarten, and promote environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, the executive director of fan International Preschool, who hosted the event.
On the same day, the dean read out the environmental initiative book, hoping that the spam will start with children.
After performing low-carbon bei dance, the kids started spam-sorting little game.
Instructors Also issued the " Recyclable " other trash " Label, advising children to stick them to the trash can and record small videos when they come home.
Liu lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated low-Carbon, green environmental friendly concepts, and organizes environmental friendly lectures regularly
Classifiable trash cans are also set up at the garbage dump site, with a delivery category.
Teachers teach kids what recyclable garbage photography
According to preliminary statistics, the urban waste generated about 5465.2 million tonnes of jilin province in 2018, all entered the living waste disposal site for disposal.
Among them, 3292.9 million tonnes were filled, burned 2092.3 million tons, and treated 80.1 million tons were treated with integrated use of technology.
After years of effort, all counties and counties in the province have the ability to deal with waste harmless.
In the work program for advancing local urban life spam in jilin province, it explicitly calls for in-depth classification into campus, teaching materials, classrooms, and more, and more, to enhance the creation of spam, comics, comics, etc. The interaction between students and parents has achieved the effect of " educating a child, influence a family, driving a community and nurturing a generation of new generation
Data released by Mazda September 27 showed global sales of 110 million units in August.
Sales in China are down 21 % due to underdelivery of new vehicles and reducing price cuts.
Domestic Sales in Japan are down by 6 % and demand for last bus before spending tax increases in October is limited.
Mazda sold 17729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13 % lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decline.
Sales of China's exclusive SUV "CX-4" dropped 14 percent.
The "CX-4" was launched in 2016 for a long time since the new car has fallen.
Reducing Price cuts due to strategies to improve brand value in a long-term perspective, it is also known to have a big impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7 % on-year to 27482 vehicles, up 14 months.
Sellers Are 1 days more than last year, plus promotions such as " Enhanced Promotions " (Mazda), LED to increase sales of SUV " CX-5
Domestic Sales in Japan Fell 6 % to 14422 vehicles.
The company said the urgent rush before the tax hike was " not as much as it was last (2014)
Sales of mini cars "Demio" etc.
Chirac's death political legacy lasts forever
On the 26th local time, former French President Chirac died long, aged 86
At a time when the world is in a century-old change, the french politician still deserves our praise.
Chirac has served as president of France for 12 years in a very charming manner.
He inherited the spirit of diplomacy of de gaulism, but also firmly supported European integration, he was the representative of pursuing the " European dream
At the same time, he also strongly advocated world multipolarization and multipolarization, a politician with strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media described him as " France's outstanding representation on the world stage
One of chirac's beloved political decisions is against the us-LED Iraq war.
Under his leadership, France joined Germany to stand the pressure from the United States to lead the anti-War.
One year after the war broke out, he predicted that the Iraq war would lead to intensifying terrorist activity and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that chirac's warning was quite right.
As European integration is in a distraught, America's unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, chirac has a strong revelation to think and choices in international politics and global affairs.
Chirac is also a french politician familiar and affection to the Chinese.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of sino-French relations. After being elected president of France in 1995, he has driven the rapid development of sino-French relations with a politician strategic perspective.
In 2004, China-France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and sino-French bilateral exchanges entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade between China and France increased rapidly, and the two countries have made groundbreaking progress in aviation, nuclear energy, rail transport.
The Chirac Initiative's sino-French culture year has created a brand new model of cultural exchange in the history of China and France.
Chirac's life's love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to his Chinese diplomat, chirac can recite some psalms from li bai, du fu, and even accurately judge the history of Chinese Bronze Bronze.
" it's not really been to Egypt without looking at the pyramids, and it's not really been to China-this golden sentence comes from chirac.
In an exclusive interview with xinhua news agency: " the west has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems caused by China's economic growth, and China's political status internationally.
But I personally have full confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization, whose experience is enough to help it build ideas and values for harmonious development and to shoulder its responsibility on the world stage for a long time. PM
I also believe that China's revival will bring new creative vigor to world culture and enrich the world culture.
The sans have gone, but chirac's political legacy and revelation left to the world will last forever.
The 27th Chinese computer society big data academic conference, featuring " Digital Spotlight Valley, wisdom opened in wuhan on the 27th, nearly 27 experts, academics and industry leaders in the field of big data research. Data Hotspot Research issues and interpret the technology process of big data in the era of ai.
The Conference, hosted by the Chinese Computer Society (CCF), co-hosted by the ccf committee of big data experts and the huazhong university of science and technology, organized 5 Guest reports and 188 forum reports, setting up 33 theme technology and industries sub-Forum, exchange and discussion on research findings on large data base theory, big data education, large data visualization, large numbers finance and technology, etc.
CCF BIG DATA ACADEMIC conference aims to strengthen communication and communication between domestic and foreign academics in the big data field and promote multidisciplinary integration and development of big data industry. After 7 years, it has developed into the exchange of scientific results and the most in China influential big data academic conferences, meeting content expands to areas such as basic theory, technology applications.
Hong Kong Sar Legislative Council members join forces to oppose the us Hong Kong Bill
Some formed members of the legislative council of the Hong Kong special administrative region issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passing of the Hong Kong human rights and democracy act 2019 by the foreign committee of the United States Congress.
This statement, co-sponsored by 40 formed lawmakers, said that Hong Kong's rights are conferred by the basic law of the Hong Kong Sar, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and separate tariff zone in economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, Tourism, culture, Sports, etc. In the name of " Hong Kong, China trade, cooperation and developing relations with different countries and regions around the world, to sign and implement bilateral and bilateral and bilateral agreements.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
Hong Kong has always been in strict adherence to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, and business ethics, and it has been well known for its participation in various countries and cooperation in many related areas.
The statement said the move by the U.S. Senate and house committee to pass the relevant bills is not necessary, just in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong as a means of violently interfering in the internal affairs of Hong Kong and to fight for political chips for their agents in Hong Kong. PM
Establishment Lawmakers deeply regret this move by the United States and strongly oppose it.
The statement noted that Hong Kong is a major trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment, and a clean society makes it a good place for American businessmen.
If the United States passes this bill, apart from hitting Hong Kong and America's own interests, it will also add more harm to China-U.S. relations, and will not benefit others.
The statement said that as always, Hong Kong will unwavering on the "one country, two systems" principle, continue to enjoy the rights under the basic law and fulfil its obligations.
Hong Kong will continue to contribute to the international community as well as to international business and international business.
Two houses of the French Parliament will discuss immigration policy reforms next week, according to the European times reported on 26
French President Marlon recently claimed that France cannot " accept all " but at the same time strive to " properly
Macron is reportedly trying to find a compromise route on immigration matters to slow the shock of the upcoming debate.
Recently, in an interview during the general debate in New York, United States, macron expressed his hope for a real "Two-track" programme on immigration policies that strikes a balance between humanitarian and efficiency.
Mark Dragon said: " If France wants to properly accept (migrants), it cannot accept everyone
Macron lists four key points of immigration policy: granting asylum to refugees in need of protection; promoting the integration of migrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all migrants entering French territory; and more efficient resettlement illegally into France people who should not stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the national medical assistance system is the most discussed topic before.
Mark Dragon said he would like to be able to "Evaluate" the system, but instead of lifting it, but to limit it.
After Macron's remarks, far-right " National League " leader le peng tweeted that Mark Dragon's statement was " empty talk
Right-Wing Republican and Senate President rasher also said immigration policies should be discussed in a " moderate " but " Face-to reality indirectly criticizing Mark Dragon.
Leftist socialist lawmaker valau believes that France should " accept more and better " on immigration matters, and criticized macron for " fuck " on the subject.
Reports indicate that the new asylum and immigration act has been promulgated one year, leading to disagreements within the ruling party, but at the same time it is unable to calm the right-Wing opposition.
In the next general election in 2022, immigration policy topics will once again be the extreme right-wing attack, and macron needs to make a difference on the issue, but at the same time risking the left-wing people in the ruling party.
The Lower Chamber of France's National Assembly will reportedly debate immigration policy starting September 30, while the Senate will debate from October 2
There are indications that China's a-shares are on the " Repurchase Wave " and many listed companies are offering " real gold and silver " to buy back company shares.
According to the financial data service provider Oriental Wealth, the total amount of repurchases implemented by 27 a-shares in 2019 had exceeded 100000 billion Yuan (rmb, lower), far higher than the data for the same period of previous year, creating a stock repurchases have historically high.
In response, XU Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mccorrong Information Consulting Ltd. said that this year's a-stock market overall valuation is lower, and repurchased shares at relatively low prices, it is beneficial for listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. The Willingness of listed companies to manage market value and abundant cash flow conditions help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of Stock Repurchase System has also prompted listed companies to actively pursue shares repurchase.
For example, earlier this year, the shanghai stock exchange and shenzhen stock exchange issued implementation details on repurchase of listed companies, providing detailed rules and guidelines for listed companies.
According to media statistics, since this year, the listed companies that have implemented a repurchase plan are mainly focused on infrastructure, real estate, information technology and electronics manufacturing.
In addition, judging from the amount of Repurchase Payment, 6 listed companies have repurchased more than 1000 billion yuan this year.
Among them, Eli shares, which repurchased more than 5000 billion yuan.
What impact does the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, Vice President of the faculty of finance and finance at people's University of China, said in an interview with a reporter of China, the repurchase shows that listed companies have strong economic strength and better financial status, and have the ability to maintain stable shares and give investors confidence to investors; on the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, market and consideration for investors.
The former is based on good operating performance of the company, while the latter requires higher quality of listed companies and their controlling shareholders.
These are all the core basics for capital markets.
The Repurchase of shares by listed companies helps boost investor s' confidence and support the stock price of listed companies.
In addition, according to Oriental Securities Research report, based on the estimated number of stock repurchases set by listed companies as a-shares since the beginning of this year and the average price of repurchased stock repurchased shares, the increase funds brought to the a-share market this year is expected to surpass 150000 million Yuan.
It took almost two months, the restoration work on the tianjin tianhau temple mural "Tianhau Temple" was completed on the 26th. It will be re-open during this year's national day.
"the temple of heaven" is a large traditional mural that fully reflects the life of mazu.
With the approval of the relevant state authorities, drawing by tsai changqui, the former director of the Tianjin Folk Museum (Tianhau Palace) from 1991 to 1994
It is understood that this mural was painted on the south and north wall of the temple of tianhau palace. It is 32 meters in length, 2.6 meters tall, divided into two parts. It is used the sky's birthday drop, take the sea, badminton, etc. 358 characters recreate mazu's life story.
Cai Chang-kui introduced that in recent years, tianjin has been rainy and dry winter. This "wet dry" LED to the mural to cracking up 60 % of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and save the mural of mazu, the ancient culture street management committee and tianhau temple of nankai district, Tianjin City have started the restoration project to repair the temple and mural paintings inside the temple.
The Restoration Project, LED by tsai changkui, invited four famous Chinese painters to participate.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repairing the old as usual' and also made partial adjustments to the original mural, complementing the original mural where it was not perfect.
In the repair, we also made innovations and tried in color, materials, ink, etc.
After the restoration, the original mural was maintained in style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style.
The Tianhau Palace was built in 1326, formerly known as the queen's palace, commonly known as the queen's palace, is the oldest building complex in the city of tianjin city and one of the earliest mazhencestral temples in China.
Beijing daxing international airport delivery ceremony was held on September 25
Beijing's daxing international airport terminal means " Phoenix wings is hailed as the top seven wonders of the new world
At Present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overload, carrying 100 billion + passengers last year, becoming the second year in the world's second year after Atlanta airport.
By 2022, Beijing daxing international airport passenger throughput is expected to reach 45000 million passengers, with 20 % of international flights; by 2025, passenger throughput will reach 72000 million and international flights it's expected to reach 30
How cool is it as " new country
Located between daxing district of Beijing city and guangyang district of langyang district, Hebei Province, Beijing's daxing international airport is 46 km from Tiananmen. It is currently the largest new airport built in the world.
The Ground Projection area of its terminal's roof-cover steel structure is 180 million square meters, with the size of 25 standard football pitches.
Beijing daxing international airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival floors and two departure floors - f1-F4 are international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departure, and international departure.
The Double-Storey Bridge connecting the high speed and airport outside the terminal, which correspond to the terminal f3, F4-International departure from the upper floor and domestic departure.
Beijing daxing international airport's first flight opens the era of "Double Airport" in Beijing.
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, the country develops new power source of power, supporting the Jin-hei regional comprehensive transportation hub built in Xiong ' an new area. As of 66 Airlines are interested to enter the daxing international airport in Beijing. 20 Domestic Airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan Airlines, and foreign airlines have been approved one after another.
Beijing daxing international airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 International Routes Worldwide, including domestic routes. 97 points, 15 international destinations.
This is in coordination with Beijing's Capital International Airport, moderate competition, and the "Double Hub" airport pattern that has a top-class competitiveness, which relieves the operating pressure of the capital airport capacity, but also better meet the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas. The urgent need to effectively improve the international competitiveness of our civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing daxing international airport takes full account of its geographic location, its relationship with its surrounding airspace and operating environment. The airport runway has adopted the "All-direction" layout for the world's largest air tube automation system for the first time, China's largest terminal control zone has been established to maximize aviation operation efficiency.
For the first time, airports of this size in the country have used a domestic automatic luggage processing and information management system, using innovative luggage transfer mode to improve the efficiency of luggage system.
Beijing daxing international airport's first flight, heralds a cool flight of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 International, domestic number one, with a rate of more than 98 % domestically, will definitely have direct and indirect economic impact on industries in the surrounding areas and infuse energy into Beijing's economic development. PM
Ma hua tentative meeting in November to be held in November. He wants to adjust the party age to 16
Ma hua tentatively holds a central Congress in early November. He intends to modify the party's Constitution to lower the party age to 16
As Congress passed the voting age for the general election, ma hua announced that the 66th Central Congress will be held this year, proposing changes to the constitution, including lowering the age of ma hua's membership age from the current 18 to 16 age.
Chairman of ma wah dato sri wei jiaxiang said that the central committee is scheduled to hold a central committee on November 2 AND 3 this year, but due to the by-election of the by-election of the congress seats in danvelvee. Dates may change.
He said since the comec will only meet until October 1 to finalize the nomination day and polling day for the danvelvet, they will meet the next day, October 2 to discuss whether to change this year's Central Congress. Date.
He also explains that yesterday (26th) the purpose of the central committee was to finalize the date of the Congress and modify the party's Constitution. It just happened to encounter the aboriginal unity party congressman datuk Mohammad Fatal, therefore, join the agenda for the national seat by-election.
Shandong Haru Kuang County Committee Secretary Wang Pak-Xiang - Rich people in qiang county - xinhua net
Wang Baoxiang, shandong shandong, born in February 1943, participated in work, and served as secretary of township party committee, County Committee Secretary, Mayor, etc.
In 1986, Wang Baoxiang was the committee secretary of Shandong Province's Shandong Province, Shandong's poor county.
During His 5 years in office in Shu Guang, Wang Pak-Xiang has concentrated his efforts on the heart of the people. One is to promote the industrialization of vegetable; second is to develop subei salt alkaline beach; and third is to lay the foundation for industrial turn the foundation, let the sukuang man drum up his pocket from now on, and raised the waist plate.
Shouguang farmers have a vegetable tradition and have lessons to grow vegetables.
In the early 80 s, suguang farmers planted vegetables, but could not sell, rotting in the ground.
Wang Pak Xiang found that the key to grabbing vegetables is to make good circulation.
Shu Guang Started building a wholesale vegetable market, opening the prelude to developing a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead, messed up, and all the loss of the county is responsible.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Pak-Xiang, 17 party members including wang leyi of sanyuan zhu village started 17 winter warm vegetable shack. in that year, the village appeared 17 "Double thousand families."
Afterwards, a promotion group was set up in the county. Under the motivation of Wang Pak-Xiang, wang leyi travelled around the township. In the first year, he promoted more than 5000 Vegetable Shacks, and then the vegetable shed to the whole county and even nationwide. PM
For thousands of centuries, 1600 million acres of land in subei, apart from salt and alkaline beaches, is shallow
Local people live hard.
Shunan has a vegetable shed, what to do in shoubei?
Wang Pak-Xiang organized more than ten thousand people to hold a congress battle and camped on arine beach. It was days.
Wang Bo Xiang and county's leading cadres were all on the construction site, pushing carts like migrant workers, and dining at night. The common people saw them with their thumbs and admire them... at that time, shoubei developed 150 a thousand acre shrimp pool, 200 million acres of salt field, 600 million acres of cotton fields, develops "pots" on saline beach.
In July 1986, wang boxiang attended weifang industrial conference as county committee secretary for the first time.
During the meeting, I posted a " comparison of industrial and economic figures in the twelve counties of weifang city at first glance of industrial GDP, Shu Guang is not bad, and ranked fourth.
However, if the original salt is removed, Shu Guang's pure industrial output is only 119 billion Yuan, ranked third last.
Wang Pak-Xiang took more than 70 people and ran to the field to " change his mind
Less than a year back, the county invested 150 billion Yuan, and 77 projects.
Every year since then, we have organized a "Sutra Mission" to study the scriptures in Shenzhen, dongguan and Shanghai.
Shu Guang Lacks businesses, even less entrepreneurs.
Wang Pak-Xiang hosted a special meeting: in the county open selection of Factory Director Manager, 40 "motivated people" stand out and pushed to the line of industry.
In 1991, Shu Guang entered the top 1991 counties in the country, and Wang Pak-Xiang transferred as vice mayor of weifang.
What he left is more than 20 million vegetable shack, which is 1200 acres of cotton fields, yantian, shrimp ponds. It is 4854 businesses, more than 100 million " thousand " thousand " and are recognized by the people. Cadres. The ordinary people of Shu Guang Still cordially call him " our pak secretary
On September 26th local time, State Councilor and foreign minister wang yi presides at un headquarters in New York.
African current member of the security council, Tano, equatorial guinea foreign minister oyono, South Africa's foreign minister pandor and the incoming member of Niger Cara, Tunisian Foreign Minister Jay Sinawi and others attended the meeting.
Wang yi made four-point proposals on strengthening cooperation between China and China in the security council.
First, unite strength.
The greatest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism, and the direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are being challenged and the role of the United Nations is undermined at the expense of the interests of a large number of developing countries, including African countries and
To meet this challenge, we need to hold hands, side by side, and unity to have power.
In The Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the focus is not just 3 Votes, but the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just 4 Votes, but will drive other countries to follow, influence and shape the agenda of the council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the security council to make full use of this coordination mechanism.
Second, the dispute is resolved by negotiations.
China has always advocated for political solutions to hot-point issues, Africa has a good tradition of consultation and experience of successful mediation by African regional and sub-regional organizations.
Many complex problems on the council's agenda, especially African hotspots, are mostly the scourge of colonialism and some directly related to external factors.
Together, we want to use chapter vi of the charter of the United Nations and play the role of the united nations in good offices, mediation, etc.
Third, self-empowering yourself.
African countries and peoples know best about Africa's problems, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
The Council should focus on listening and respecting Africa's will, play the role of regional and sub-Regional and sub-regional organizations, and should encourage and support endotal solutions from Africa.
China stands ready to strengthen coordination with the African side and firmly promote capacity-building for autonomous peace operations in Africa.
Fourthly, we rely on development to cure fundamentals.
China and large African countries are developing countries. We must insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other's path of development.
China is willing to work together to build "Belt and road" with the au 2063 agenda, the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda 2030, and development strategies of African countries to help African countries strengthen their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflict.
Together we want to push the United Nations to increase investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic in the congo is again. China has and will continue to provide human and material assistance as much as it can, and is willing to coordinate action with African countries, mobilize more assistance from the United Nations, the United Nations, who and who and play well. Fruit (Gold) stabilize the role of the mission.
Newborn Pediatrics and other relay save little lives.
Thrilling!
A 32-week premature baby couldn't wait to be born on daddy's car co-driver on her way to the hospital.
Fortunately, Obstetrics and newborn physicians dealt with it in time and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, the obstetrical and newborn section of the hubei provincial maternity and child health center received 3 premature babies on the road for the 3th, 20th, 21 days in a row. All born on the 120 ambulance, all 29 weeks premature babies.
Ms Cheng is a second-born mother. At 7 am on September 19th, she felt a bit painful stomach. She thought she was 32 weeks pregnant, and the first child is also premature. She packed up the items and ready to wash straight to the hospital after the shower.
After 9 PM, Ms. Cheng packed her husband to drive from xu dong's home to hospital.
Didn't expect the baby couldn't wait to be born on dad's car's car shortly after the car was driving.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and baby finally arrived at the gynaecology building at hubei province maternity and child health center.
When the hospital security guard saw the panic couple and the baby, immediately informed the obstetrical maternity ward, the Deputy Director Doctor Zhang Huan, Liu yan, rushed downstairs with her maternity bag and umbilical cord plate.
" at that time, the mother was half lying on the automobile, with amniotic water and blood water under her body, a baby boy was beside him with an umbilical cord. PM
Zhang Huan asked to know that the baby is a 32-week premature child. Parents did not have time to cover their children. Early Autumn morning already had a cold, his skin was pale, he did not cry, and limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan quickly went to the co-driver to deal with the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan drilled from the cab, quickly opened the production bag, wrapped the child several layers of warmth and cleaned the newborn. Respiratory Tract (as shown), then carried the baby to the 12th floor newborn division.
Upon hearing the news, the newborn medical care immediately rushed to the nursing station to save the premature baby.
At that time, the baby was purple, and there was choking oxygen deficiency, the doctor immediately gave him a tube. Less than a minute, the baby recovered his heartbeat, and the skin color gradually recovered.
After being admitted to hospital, the 32-week baby was on a breathing machine, which was successfully evacuated the next day after continuous rescue and smooth breathing.
After a week of treatment, the baby's life signs are stable and breathing and has begun to feed a little.
Coincidentally, on 19th, 20th, 21th, 21th, the hospital's obstetrical and newborns received 3 premature births on the road for 3 days, and the other two were born. 120 first responders, 29 weeks premature babies, are currently actively treated in the newborn section.
Sun Guoqiang, director of Obstetrics at the provincial maternal and child health care center, said that in recent years, mothers and children have received many babies born on the subway and private cars. The poor handling of this situation may threaten the lives of mother and child.
Director Sun warned that once pregnant mothers have abdominal pain, water breakage and red, they should immediately come to the hospital for treatment.
In Case of a bowl at home or on the road, the mother should try to lie flat, put blanket under her hips, etc. Prevent the baby from coming out of the baby from coming out, keep warm immediately and take care as soon as possible.
Vietnam air technology company officially opened
The establishment of vstea is one of the details of the cooperation mou signed between vaeco and st engineering aerospace in April 2018, marking the birth of Vietnam's first joint venture for maintenance and maintenance and maintenance.
Two top aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore are working together to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and maintenance services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Vietnam Airlines General manager yang zhicheng said that the company's joint partner - st engineering aerospace is the largest and highest-level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and it is also the beginning of a promising cooperative relationship.
Lim Serh Ghee, managing director of st engineering, said that sharing extensive experience with st engineering, will help affilim serh ghee, will help affilim serh ghee, to provide international-class maintenance services and repair services and contribute to ensure flight safety of the airlines.
The birth of vstea helped Vietnam to join the potential market for aircraft equipment maintenance and maintenance in a wide direction.
At the same time, there is a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
Thus better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: manufacturing has become the focus of major countries around the world - xinhua network
Xinhua news agency hefei, September 27, the national intellectual property operation public service platform released a white paper on global manufacturing innovation index " in hefei, anhui.
The White paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of major global attention.
Here's what reporters learned at the world manufacturing Congress 2019 Forum on intellectual property operation and protection.
The Forum focuses on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrade, from the macro level and micro-perspective of corporate practice, explore innovative initiatives in manufacturing industry operation and protection in-depth research into the hot topic of manufacturing intellectual property protection, and continuously improve the ability of intellectual property. Accelerated construction of manufacturing intelligent upgrade advantages.
The Forum invited scholars from the national intellectual property office, Chinese Academy of sciences, as well as experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutes to share experiences and ideas on how to enhance intellectual property protection and promote intellectual property
At The Forum, the anhui provincial market supervision authority issued a report " Patent Navigation Anhui Innovation Development Quality Evaluation Report, based on the results of patent navigation area innovation high quality development index, Anhui Province 2018 patent navigation area innovation the high quality development index ranks eighth in 31 provinces and municipalities across the country, and the innovation factor gathering index ranks fourth in the country.
The Forum is hosted by the people's government of anhui province, co-hosted by the anhui provincial market supervision authority, the national ipr operation public service platform and the china intellectual property development alliance.
2019 China online games unveiled today several Olympic Champions to participate in the opening ceremony.
Multiple Olympic Champions attending the opening ceremony, viewers will be singing "me and my country" with the junior choir
The 2019 China open will officially open today at the National Tennis Center. The Organizing Committee will hold a short and grand opening ceremony ahead of the late game, with several Olympic Champions and prominent figures from the sports world. Will be gathered at diamond stadium for the opening ceremony and the audience will sing "me and my country" with the children of the junior choir.
In the next nine days including the eleventh golden week, Beijing will revive tennis boom and the National Tennis Center will be a good place for fans to spend the holidays.
The Chinese open has passed 15 spring and autumn since its inception in 2004, the 16th time this year.
And the total bonus for this year's online games also hit an all-time high, reaching $ 11160 million.
The total bonus for women's crown was $ 7640 million, compared to the two stops crown games in indianville and Miami, the last two women's single matches were 96, and 60 for CNN. Sign up, so for the players, the CNN competition seems more " cost-effective
The total bonus for the Chinese men's atp500 point game is even at an all-time high, rising from $ 3400 million last year, and the bonus continues to lead atp500 points, while the atp500 race held the same week. The total bonus is around $ 2000 million.
There will be a short and grand opening ceremony ahead of tonight's first game scheduled at Central Stadium.
In addition to leaders and some players who participated in tonight's opening ceremony, there will also be ten leaders from all areas of China's Sports, including many Olympic Champions and world champions.
The first match at central stadium after the opening ceremony is a wta first round, with Chinese Golden Flower Peng vs Russian player casakina, and the second match is challenged by American Rookie Sofia kenning the 2015 Mid-net women's single champion muguraza, which opened the 2019 Chinese net.
"the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and mozi are engaged, according to Britain's metro newspaper.
Mozi is reportedly a 34-Year-old Italian billionaire who mainly works in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry this real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess Of York, ranked fifth in the heir to the British throne " the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world
The Duchess Of York posted photos of her daughter's engagement on social networks on the 26th, saying: " we are very happy to announce that princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozi are engaged pm
The two men were engaged in Italy earlier this month, the British side said.
Engagement Photo by Beatrice's sister augini.
The pair said in a statement that we were very happy to share the news of engagement with you.
We're excited to be able to embark on the journey of our life together and we can't wait to get married.
We share many similar interests and perceptions that will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years ahead.
Up to three points for a free kick?
On the 27th Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced a trial of the new rules for free penalty, with only once per penalty, the value determined by the foul situation.
O ' Neal has a low penalty shot among NBA Stars.
The new rules stipulate that two-point foul can score 2 points, 3 points for three-point foul foul, and 1 points for foul.
The last two minutes of regular time and overtime follow past penalty rules.
Although the new season is only on a trial in the NBA Development League, fans are more concerned about what it would have on current players if the NBA were to be implemented in the NBA.
At the moment, many believe that the new rules may be in favor of " beard " Harden, while the penalty is relatively less outstanding James, is " suffering
Wuhan pushes intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises up to 20000 million yuan
Reporter learned from a series of "praise to welcome military games" held by wuhan city news office of wuhan city government, the city has accelerated industrial intelligent transformation and implemented a maximum of 20000 million. Yuan's transition grant.
As of now, more than 800 industrial enterprises of over 800 sizes have been collected.
Zhang Hong, Deputy Director of the Wuhan Bureau of economy and informatization of wuhan, wuhan has launched the action plan for intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consulting diagnostic services for industrial enterprises in need and propose solutions to advance a new round. High-level enterprise technology transformation.
According to the plan, wuhan city openly selects a batch of specialized diagnostic services each year. By Opening columns, questionnaires, home-door filing, etc, etc.
As of now, more than 800 industrial enterprises have collected information on intelligent transformation needs, accounting for nearly one-third of the number of industrial enterprises across the city.
5 municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter businesses in batches to conduct "One-on-one" live assessment and program validation.
Zhang Hong introduced, currently, the city is organizing 373 intelligent remodeling projects, with a total investment of 29760 billion yuan. Hongxin Communication China's first 5 G intelligent production line, Motorola leads the intelligent mobile production line nationwide. Hansiemens Transformer Digital unmanned factory, the first batch satellite production line in the country, the world leads the new veterinary medicine intelligent production line, the leading smart workshop and intelligence factory in Europe. Construction started one after another.
In addition, wuhan city has increased financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, those who carry out intelligent transformation to industrial enterprises, the investment in accordance with their actual completion; including investment in equipment hardware, soft investment in research and development, giving 8 % and up to 20000 million Yuan.
At the same time, financial institutions such as actively joint exchange bank and Zhejiang Commercial Bank Wuhan Branch provide personalized financial services aimed at the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises and vigorously relieving the pressure
Trudeau "man collapsed" can he succeed in re-election
This time tripped trudeau out of the "big pit" this time, trudeau dig up a little by trudeau himself.
Recently, Canadian media revealed several old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which trudeau dressed himself as black.
It was considered an apparent act of racism, prompting uproar in Canada.
Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public after it happened.
Canadians, however, aren't buying.
Trudeau was literally throwing a stone and smashed himself in the foot.
As political critics Riley and others point out, Trudeau and the federal liberals have been blaming opposition parties or dissidents in this regard since the rise of the United States. Lost "and repeatedly threatened" whoever makes this mistake should be fired immediately
In Short, this time trudeau tripped trudeau out of the "big pit" this time was dug up a little by trudeau himself.
Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was young and handsome, who had a whirlwind of "political idol" when he debut.
He was originally a " politician who took over as the federal liberal party head, fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 federal legislative election - the federal liberals over half of the federal lower house, gain valuable right to stand alone.
At the time, Trudeau put forward many deaf platforms, ideas such as " ethnicity and gender equality " Eco-friendly " economic revitalizing highlighting corruption and " bad wind
However, for 5 years in office, he has been in almost all of these areas, " high and down
Take the issue of " ethnicity and gender equality " aside this " Black face " incident, after he was " lip " in a series of Aboriginal peoples issues, making aboriginal groups and chiefs in addition on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada moved protest tents to the doorstep of the Capitol Hill.
In terms of fighting corruption, Trudeau was involved in the boiling "Rampanic incident" at the end of last year.
It was revealed that it was exposed to a major irregularities against the construction engineering company " LAN wanling " in his hometown, pressure on the department and officials responsible for investigation and prosecuting the latter to " be " to " be highly appreciated
Moreover, Trudeau is angry with the officials who disclose the corruption case - the previously mentioned earlier, was the attorney general of Canada at the first to disclose the corruption case.
Despite the doubts of the case itself, the suspect is difficult to clear.
Many observers point out that trudeau's 5-Year-old man collapse was mainly caused by his own " digging pit and that the biggest " pit " is " Self-eating " and " wider than the law these three.
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Red poll data shows that since 2015, respondents who supported trudeau slipped from over 60 % to more than 30 percent, while opponents have gone from opponents less than 30 % soar to more than 60
Even though other opposition parties and their party leaders are equally poor, even a significant percentage of voters who are willing to vote for the federal liberal vote, are now unhappy with the Federal Prime Minister, the ruling party leader.
As the new Canadian federal legislative election begins on October 21th, can trudeau repeat the drama that won 5 years ago?
The answer may be just one word: hard.
Whether it is from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience, or regional aviation integration and Jin-hei development integration, it has far-reaching and positive significance.
Beijing daxing international airport officially opened on September 25
The New Beijing news reporter learned from the Beijing municipal development and reform commission that the capital airport is in super saturated operation, and the opening of daxing international airport will improve the capital aviation service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing became the second city in our country to have two airports, similar to shanghai hongqiao international airport mainly serves domestic Aviation Affairs, pudong airport, with International Shipping Airlines, the future capital airport the daxing airport will also provide more detailed services by serving the difference between domestic and international aviation operations.
Daxing airport is more beneficial to capital airport from a business development perspective.
Capital airport exceeded 100 million passenger throughput at the country in 2018, but there is still a significant gap in comparison to the fast-growing operational demand, especially in demand for international routes.
In order to better serve domestic and foreign passenger travel, business travel, and to meet Beijing's growing trend of urban development trends and international integration, daxing international airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, and plans to meet the annual passenger throughput in the future. Throughput 4000 million tons.
Therefore, the two airport location does not overlap, each target different customer groups, and there is enough market space.
From the economic account level, the navigation of daxing international airport will obviously create a win-win-win effect, relieve Beijing Air Traffic Tension, speed up the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for capital airlines dual nuclear operation.
From a user's perspective, with the navigation of daxing international airport, there is no need to concentrate on capital airport in the future, but also reduce a series of problems caused by overconcentration of problems such as the overcrowding time of overcrowding and slowing passenger boarding. Planes and passengers are stranded at the airport, adding to the burden of airport operations, and reducing the burden of shipping through the capital airport, it also improved passenger travel experience.
According to the media's prediction of the time and cost of multiple transportation routes to the large international airport, if you leave from south fifth ring, direct to daxing airport highway, you can be there in 50 minutes, oil money is 40 around Yuan, the high speed fee is 15 Yuan; while choosing airport line of rail transit railway daxing airport line, the distance is limited to 20 km, the fare is 10 Yuan, 25 Yuan, 30 Yuan, 35 Yuan three stalls; citizens can also take the intercity of jingxiong, from Beijing West station to daxing airport station for more than 20 minutes.
Overall, there are a variety of transportation available for the public to daxing airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
And from the perspective of trend development: daxing airport is located as a traffic hub of Jin Jin-Hebei, so it is a little distance from the city of Beijing, but it strengthens radiation to hebei and tianjin, convenient for more people to travel and tianjin. Zu's economic development is of great significance.
In the future, passengers in hebei and tianjin will enjoy more international air lines services provided by daxing international airport, as seen from the traffic planning of daxing airport.
The transportation facilities at daxing airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line in Beijing to daxing airport, there are also a number of expressways connected to daxing airport and surrounding areas.
This is just like guangdong dongguan, foshan, qingyuan, qingyuan can go to guangzhou baiyun airport via expressways such as Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou. Residents of the surrounding langfang, xiongan new, get convenient and efficient aviation services.
From This, we can see that the navigation of daxing international airport has not only added a few runways and a few aircraft, whether from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience level, but also from regional aviation integration, Beijing-Jin-hei development. It has far-reaching impact and positive significance, not only is related to the long-term layout and development of the shipping industry in Beijing, but also provide diversified options for the travel of the vast number of residents of Jin-Jin-hei. It promotes further improve the quality of services in Beijing to boost economic and economic development in the area surrounding daxing airport.
Therefore, as for the navigation of daxing airport, we have to count not only individual accounts, but also the big account for the overall development.
Small and Medium Board Index Rose 1.46 % on the 27th - xinhua network
Xinhua News Agency Shenzhen, September 27 (reporter zhao ruixi) on the 27th, the small and medium and medium-sized index opened high, ended up 6077.23 points, an increase of 1.46 points from the previous trading day. %.
On that day, the small and medium-sized plate was 108000 billion Yuan, a decrease of 31900 billion yuan compared to last trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the day, 668 shares closed, 15 stocks such as honggao creative and other stocks stopped; 222 stocks closed down, and 4 shares in shunwei shares fell. Stop; weixing shares, etc. 40 shares are closed.
2019 Vietnam forum on economic and social issues held in chengtianhua province
Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new signs and continued growth trends earlier this year.
The Forum focused on economic and social issues highlighted in the first months of 2019, suggesting measures for economic and social development in late 2019 and 2020
At The Forum, representatives on economic development in 2019 and the impact of the FTA, some prominent issues of Vietnam's economy in 2019, prominent issues in Vietnam's sociocultural issues in 2019 and for 2020 in-depth exchange of views and views on 4 topics such as predictions and recommendations for economic and social development in Vietnam.
It was widely felt that global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased in the first months of 2019
Trade friction among major economies has further shrinking global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has determined that despite global economic uncertainty, with 70 % of the global economy stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development has made many positive achievements, with smooth macro-running and inflation under effective control the consumer price index grew by an average of 2.64 % in the first half of 2019, the lowest increase in almost three years.
GDP grew by 6.76 % in the first half of 2019, although lower than 7.05 % in the same period last year, the increase was still higher than the same period in 2011-2017
In making predictions on Vietnam's economic trends in 2019-2020, deng deying, Deputy Director of the national economic and social prediction center for economic and social forecasting said that Vietnam's economy in 2019 was higher in 2019 growth momentum.
It is expected that Vietnam's macro economy will continue to remain basically stable by 2020, and the implementation of various self-trade agreements will boost trade development, economic restructuring, and improve the business environment will be further strengthened due to the effects of trade friction. Export activities will be on a downward trend.
Therefore, there is a need to step up monitoring and forecasting early warning mechanism, take the initiative to look for trade relief measures aimed at Vietnam's exports, and find opportunities to expand new export markets, and to facilitate the export of various commodities such as agricultural and water
At the same time, keeping inflation rate at a reasonable level, so as to boost the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-Tech Agriculture, organic agriculture and eco-Agriculture
Liu Zhijie, head of the consular office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, held a reception in siem reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of
Liu Zhijie said that since the founding of new China, China has actively participated in International Affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to perfecting global economic governance and promoting common global development, and made an important contribution to world peace and development. Cambodia's economic development and well-being bring real benefits.
As the world's second largest economy, China has contributed more than 30 % to world economic growth, especially China's "Belt and road" initiative, China's provinces and cities and Siem Reap and territories, said Liu said. Cooperation continues to deepen.
He said this year marks the beginning of 61 years of the establishment of sino-Cambodian diplomatic relations. The two countries are brotherly friendship, and China-Cambodia cooperation will become the driving force for local economic and social development.
Siem reap governor disaha highly praised the great achievements made by new China over the past 70 years and congratulates the results of friendly cooperation between China and Cambodia.
Dissaha looks forward to the two sides to continue to work together to promote sino-Cambodian friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and constantly improve
Dissaiha said Siem Reap's friendly exchanges with China's provinces and municipalities have so far concluded friendship with 28 provinces and municipalities in China, the large cultural show project [Angkor Smile] and the Angkor Dynasty fell to the ground, Siem Grain - Guangxi Agriculture Demonstration Park, Siem reap new international airport project, special training for siem reap provincial government officials, Siem Reap students to study scholarship, rural volunteer, renovation of urban roads, cataract, cataract restoration public welfare project " light walk tired, in Cambodia-China friendly cooperation, the people of Siem Reap became direct benefit.
Cambodia's State Secretary of defense ministry of defense ken wenzong, chairman of Siem Reap Provincial Council, Governor of 5 provinces, Cambodia Council Siem Reap branch, volunteer teacher, Cambodian China Chamber of commerce siem reap chapter, and Chinese Business Representative as well as representatives of foreign siem reap attended the reception.
Witness a decade of "cloud rise" of digital China in yunqi town - xinhua net
If the 2009 local website forum is the origin, the 2019 Yunqi Convention held in hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a decade.
From a concept of "fog in the clouds to the practice of" Upper Cloud Large data, cloud computing became one of the core technologies that underpinned China's economic development, social management, and public services in 10
At zhengtai new energy photovoltaic battery workshop located in haining, Zhejiang, there are recently a new "colleague" with Ali yun artificial intelligence.
It is unstoppable for 24 hours, the recognition rate is more than twice as artificial, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95
According to the head of the company, this " quality examiner " with cameras " has concentrated on learning more than 40 flaws. with the cloud computing power behind it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language. Flawed battery pieces are sorted.
This business is just a epitome of today's cloud computing boost manufacturing transformation.
The Ministry of industry and informatics issued the guide to promote cloud implementation (2018-2020) in 2018, which aims to achieve a significant increase in cloud awareness and motivation in business, with the upper cloud ratio and depth of application. Elevated.
Today, data-centered cloud computing has opened the way for the digital economy as key elements of the data, said Wang Jian, said.
Meanwhile, the cloud computing industry in China has been expanding in 10 years.
China's cloud computing development white paper (2019) released in July this year, according to the overall market size of cloud computing was 96280 Billion Yuan, an increase of 39.2 % compared to 2017
In addition to becoming the key technology supporting industrial transformation, digital economy development, the invisible "Cloud" has unwittingly changed urban management and social life.
The "Urban Brain" that unveiled for the third consecutive year at the yunqi convention is still drawing attention.
Ariyun said that the urban brain has now moved from traffic management tools to urban management hub, and the associated collaborative application has been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through Camera Perception, artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain makes it possible to achieve new urban management services such as " parking before pay " Real-time perception " tour design
In the area of administrative services, using " one cloud " docking " one thing to promote " on hand office " in hand cloud computing brings convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At Present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform across the province through the administration.
As of September 11, the platform has covered more than 5700 million permanent residents and more than 1500 million French units in the province, combining 19080 million data from 3066 categories.
On average monthly calls between Zhejiang Provincial Government departments, the data has been 12000 million times, and every more call flow of data on 'Cloud' may mean that the masses run less.
Be careful with plastic tea bag to make tea!
A recent study in Canada found that a bag of plastic tea bags could release billions, or even billions of plastic microplastic microplastic, significantly higher than one's estimated throughout the year, according to a report. Quantity, but so far there is no evidence that intake of plastic particles poses a threat to humanity.
Researchers at maggil university in Canada reportedly found that immersing plastic tea bags into a cup of almost boiled hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bag will release about 11600 million plastic particles and 3100 millions of smaller nani plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the amount of microplastics estimated by a person throughout the year.
According to a study published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50 million plastic particles each year while inhaling the same amount of microplastics.
The study was reportedly published in the journal of environmental science and technology, where researchers tested 4 different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafe, opening the tea bags and dip it into almost boiling 5 minutes in the water, then analyzed with electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to the study, they found that a single tea bag releases more than 11600 million plastic particles, " several stages higher than the plastic load of other foods
Most Tea Bags are made of natural fiber, but many brands made of natural fiber still use plastic to seal.
Some branded tea bags are no longer paper and instead of plastic, which researchers tested.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic that researchers define the size between 100 nanometers and 5 Millimetres and are mainly produced by decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found microplastics in air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world, which can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first found plastic particles in human poop samples from several countries in different regions of the globe in October 2018
In order to test the potential toxicity of the tea bags release of plastic particles, the Canadian research team put fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics affect the behavior of these fleas and cause them to develop deformations.
According to the world health organization (who), there is no evidence that intake of plastic particles poses a threat to humanity.
However, who noted that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread to the environment and what impact it has on humans.
Researchers speculate that these tea bags release large amounts of plastic particles, possibly because these plastic tea bags are in contact with boiling water, even if "Edible Grade" plastic heated to 40 degrees Celsius, they may break down toxic substances.
Guterres said climate emergencies are the biggest threat to the survival of small island states.
There, a natural disaster will erode development gains for a generation.
The disasters of Barbuda, Dominican and the Bahamas that have been hit by hurricanes since this year.
About a quarter of people in small island developing states live at an altitude of 5 meters or less.
Relocation could seriously affect their societies and lifestyles, even raise questions of sovereignty and national identity.
At This Monday's climate action summit, small island countries are working together to achieve carbon neutral 100 % renewable energy by 2030, which once again lead the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: " the climate crisis is piling new injustice over old injustice
While small island developing states contribute to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Many countries are also caught in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt due to their middle-income status.
The world must act, and it's time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing states. PM
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for seeking help small island developing states manage disaster risks, invest in climate adaptable infrastructure and ways to transition to renewable energy; urging international institutions to help small island developing states, especially heavily indebted middle-income countries get funding.
Small Island developing states are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the earth's lifeline - oceans.
The latest special report released this week by the ipcc confirms that the oceans have suffered the " devastating consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of the century, many regions could happen every year some extreme sea-level rise that would have taken place once in a century.
The report warns that some island countries could well become uninhabitable without significant investment in adaptation.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification caused huge losses.
In the last 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while plastic pollution has risen tenfold in the last 40 years.
Demand for industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to shrinking resources, including maintaining fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small Island States also face high costs of transport, energy and infrastructure.
They are heavily dependent on some external markets, leaving them affected by fluctuations in prices.
Some countries are also working to address the security impact of illegal trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: " by solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing states to achieve the sustainable development agenda 2030 will provide us with tools, lessons learned and examples that can be drawn from around the world. PM
He stressed that small island developing states are special examples of sustainable development.
They need long-term attention and investment from the entire international community.
India's ministry of finance says the financial system is fully liquid.
India's finance minister seitalaman said on the 26th that the current financial system is fully liquid, driven by holiday consumption demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of the financial year.
Sitalaman made this statement after meeting with representatives of Indian private banks, non-banking financial institutions, housing bank, etc.
Sitalaman did not specify where the statements were targeted.
Some Indian and overseas media previously attributed India's ongoing slowdown on non-bank financial institutions for the continued slowdown in India's economy
Citing the decline in car sales as an example, citing that liquidity tensions are the main cause of the decline in sales.
West Talaman noted that the decline in car sales was largely affected by cyclical factors
Seitalaman expects India's economic growth could recover in the second half of the financial year driven by holiday consumption.
India's annual shopping season starts in September and will last until the end of the year.
The Market expects that shopping consumption will greatly boost India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Department of education recently issued a notice that it strictly prohibits non-up classes in primary and secondary schools throughout the province during the long national day holiday, and will organize random secret visits by staff.
In the following " notice on the ban on national day long holidays the jiangxi provincial department of education department of education stressed that during national day, primary and secondary schools must be determined to do it during national day: no students should not organize a group replenishment classes or take new classes. Special classes, osai classes, interest classes, upgrade classes and so on, etc, cannot rent out campus and schools to other educational institutions to conduct various training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly forbidden to organize, recommend and induce students to attend non-school and outside school teachers from attending non-school training institutions or non-school training institutions or non-school teachers, parents, parent s' commission, and so on serving elementary school teachers are strictly forbidden. Out-school training institutes and others introduce the origin of origin and provide related information.
The notice clearly stated that for the irregularities of primary and secondary schools, the education administration will increase the points in the district government's high quality development education evaluation of that year. for teachers who participated in non-up classes will be dealt with the relevant provisions of teacher s' ethnicity.
Support Pig Production and guarantee market
Sui loyalty demands that all measures be implemented in six areas
A teleconference to promote raw pig production and guarantee market was held today, and redeploy to implement the central and provincial committee and provincial government policy measures to support live pig production and guarantee market supply.
Sui loyalty requirement, take the measures to produce raw pig from six aspects.
The Mayor of "Vegetable Basket" is responsible for implementing the system. This year, the task of 45000 million live pigs from the province has been broken down to municipalities and states to include the accountability evaluation.
Take care of all policy measures and implement the policy measures to effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem.
Seize the production of female pigs, carefully implemented the policy of subsidies that can breeding sow, encourage pig-growing enterprises to expand the breeding scale of pig breeding, and plan to choose excellent female pigs from the commodity pig population.
Grasp to attract investment and implement it, and make the domestic well-known large farming enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the priority to attract investment.
Grasp the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of cold chain logistics facilities for live pigs, and promote the transition from " pigs " to " to " meat
Catch up the modern disease Prevention System. The local area should be equipped with grassroots quarantine and quarantine personnel appropriate to the scale of farming and work tasks, and build the first line of prevention and control.
Sui loyalty demands, fully guarantee the meat market supply, ensure that there will be no mass shortages, Large-out of supply, and ensure a smooth supply of pork market during the major holidays.
The meeting also deployed to continue to catch the African pig plague prevention and control, banning arrest in important waters in the Yangtze River Basin, and mid-night rice acquisition throughout the province.
Speaking about the motherland, National Spirit, the white rabbit, etc. Old-old-old-term representatives from Shanghai are taking party class
" me and my homeland " campus punching point makes college students " happy
In Celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China, Shanghai Soap, shao wansheng, big white rabbit, the four famous Shanghai's famous Shanghai "Art party class" 4 old shanghai reps with an average history of more than 90 years, together to tell more than 200 young students about the feelings of the homeland and national soul of the old brand.
Product Display of the site of the old brand.
The story of the classroom made students lament that the display of the old brand was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and " me and my homeland " campus punching point that made college students " happy
Big White Rabbit Lip Balm, big white rabbit ice cream...... as an old brand, big white rabbit milk sugar has been actively seeking change in recent years, actively strikes, keep innovation and cross-border.
The Big White Rabbit, born in 1959, coincidentally celebrated its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also looked at the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, Deputy General Manager of shanghai shao wansheng food co. Ltd, mentioned the scene of "eating abalone in spring, hot summer hot fish, Autumn wind eating drunk shrimp, winter clouds which reflects people constantly innovating in" eat
The company has also explored brand culture in terms of flavor innovation, Cartoon Packaging Design, etc to suit the heritage of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The Old-Fashioned Representative tells the path to innovation at the art party class.
Yu Jie, manager of seafood, the seafood rice cake and food co. Also believes that " all innovations cannot be without a solid foundation, and every innovation is a thick process of accumulation.
There is a long-standing expectation in everyone's heart.
Product centered, the small and beautiful era should begin. PM
As one of the first batch of " Chinese Traditional Chinese brand names seafood is fast adapted to market trends, making vi visual upgrade to the brand, introducing professional operation team, and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
" the old name is not only seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now the old ones are also actively engaged in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes, in the end, we have to achieve the goal of making consumers to see, hear, and finally be able to buy. PM
Ouyang Ling, Vice General Manager of Shanghai Soap (group) Co. Ltd.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, with wide prospects for system development. Users are satisfied with energy-saving and environmental protection products, and follow the path of high tech content and high cost-effective
Through this art party class, the students have gained a lot.
The old name accompany my growth, carrying good memories and emotions from childhood. PM
Song Yuyuan classmate sigh.
Shanghai's Veteran Representative tells more than 200 young students about the homeland of the old brand, the national soul.
On the other hand, classmate zhou yi ting said that how to dig brand culture and let quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation, is a problem we need to think and explore as design students.
This party class is based on the " Shanghai image " project, Dean of the East China Institute of arts of East China University of technology, professor ni jun's " old brand innovation studio hoping to dig deep into the cultural potential and modern business value, enhance Shanghai's traditional cultural radiance with good use of the competitiveness and influence of Shanghai's traditional Shanghai, and achieve the industrial effect of " 1 + 1 &gt; 2 " in the form of " Design + culture to show shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that "Art party class" will also continue to invite all of literature, master of art, master of art, ceramics, non-Legacy, Architects, Landscape Masters, and landscape masters, through them, through them, highlighting the innovation and persistence of the Chinese culture, to highlight the characteristics of the times the ideal conviction of college students, the patriotism of college students, speak with works, let the works speak out loud, innovate party class form, and do a subject class that students like to enhance the ideology, theory and affinity of the party class. Improve the infectious power of the party class and cultivate the new generation who can take on the role of national revival
Shinzo Abe recorded video wishing the 70th anniversary of the founding of the founding of new China, and
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulates the people's Republic of China on its 70th anniversary.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: good evening everyone, I am shinzo abe.
On This 70th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China, I would like to extend my warm congratulations on behalf of the government and people of Japan
At The G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China collaborated to make the summit successful, and through the g20 summit declaration of the group of twenty summit, the group of twenty (G20).
In addition, during the Japan-China Summit and dinner party ahead of the summit, both sides agreed that president xi jinping will conduct a state visit to Japan next spring, while unanimously determined to open a new era.
Japan and China share a great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I am convinced that the two countries join forces to tackle the issues facing the region and the world and contribute to the international community, will help build a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourishing and wish my friends a prosperous career.
" over-age migrant workers on some sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
There is no way I don't want to use so many ' old people ' on site. PM
Recently, zou kui, who has been a construction contractor in the construction industry for a long time, said that there are many overage migrant workers (above retirement age) on site.
Recently, the university where the writer is located has carried out rain pollution diversion project, and there have been a lot of migrant workers on campus. If you look carefully, you will find that there are a lot of over-aged farmers.
Overage migrant workers are not " idle but because " cannot be leisure they have to do so " helpless and hardship - whether it is saving money to solve their elderly and medical problems, or helping their children. These elderly people who should have " leisure " continue to work hard.
Overage migrant workers are not as easy as we thought.
Raise Children, support the elderly, help children build buildings, buy cars, help kids build a family, raise their grandchildren, raise their grandchildren, when these migrant workers accomplish their " life task money bags have been emptied and even a lot of debt most lack of wealth accumulation.
In order not to delay their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on " until they cannot do it
Many new generation of migrant workers in the " after 80 s " and even " 00 s " 90 s " are unwilling to work in hard conditions, high labour intensity secondary or low-end services, causing a structured " job shortage these lack attractive jobs offer opportunities for overage migrant workers.
Due to a lack of skills, physical function and labor capability, many overaged migrant workers are working in strong, low income, high risk and less guaranteed jobs.
It is a day to be able to earn a little more. the plight of overaged migrant workers behind "cannot be idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
In addition to their " Self-salvation it is also inseparable to solve the public sector system and humanistic care to solve problems, improve the problem of overaged migrant workers.
Some scholars have pointed out that overage migrant workers are unlikely to rely on returning home to their homes to solve problems such as pension and medical care. They must support their families through other ways.
Reading the helplessness and strength of overage migrant workers "cannot be free" helps us better understand the love and pain of overaged migrant workers.
Seeing the back of overage migrant workers, hearing their sigh, finding ways to make them truly achieve " old age which requires shared responsibility among the public sector, markets and society in good interaction.
Chemezov said Russia will not export such a system for the next five years because " supply its own troops first before export production will be carried out
This approach is fully consistent with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their own defence needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, general Yuri Grikhoff, Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Space Ministry, said the development of the system is near completion.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antay" Sky Defense Kangzion.
This is the new generation of air defense systems that employs working principles used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamics goals.
The S-500 main function is to intercept mid-range ballistic missiles, capable of intercepting missiles with a range of less than 3500 ki
In addition, according to certain information, the s-500 could also destroy high-Sonic cruise missiles as well as aircraft, almost all types of drones, high-speed missiles more than 5 times the sonic missiles, and even located in near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into integrated networks, especially s-400 systems, which is very important from a defence perspective.
Sergey Chemezov expressed special concern for s-400
He said the system is currently in great demand in the world, but Russian troops also need it, including in the arctic.
S-400 air defense system enters Arctic Air Defense Corps.
According to September 15, the new ground Island Arctic Air Defense Corps has been completed to modify the s-400 Anti-aircraft missile system.
It's not Russian militarization in the arctic.
Russia's defense ministry says it is entirely a process within the transition plan for more advanced defense tools to the north.
" with the transition to the new s-400 Air Defense System, the arctic's controllable airspace has significantly increased, Russia fleet news service. PM
Very importantly, according to military assessment, the system has been used successfully in both north and arctic areas.
Air Defense force officers trained on the new system and are ready to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with s-300 long-range air defense systems, some of them are still maintained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons capable of destroying various aerial targets, whether they are targets at high-High-speed flight at the outer altitude or "leakage" near protected facilities.
The S-400 Triumph System, developed by "Gold Diamond-Antay" Sky Defense Kangcaine, designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, ultrasonic targets and other aerial attacks, according to open sources. Weapons.
The Weapon could attack aerodynamics targets within a range of 400 km and shoot down ballistic target of 4.8 kilometers per second.
Russia has never concealed that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure safe airspace on the northern sea.
Not long ago, the first 12 "Tor-m2dt" Anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic, enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen air defense systems in the arctic.
The Russian defense ministry at that time said that the arctic "Thor" troops will be expanded to full brigade-level establishment in the future.
Along with the newly deployed s-400 remote systems deployed to new ground island and Cora Peninsula and the "pantsir - sa" short range systems deployed in the far north, these advanced air defense weapons are strong defense of Russia polar sky of s.
Enemy Planes, helicopters and drone missiles will be hard to break through this defense.
According to the Russian government, flagship stores will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and long process of opening their own stores.
Russia's multi company, as a Russian store operator, focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Russia's largest trading platforms such as tmall, Kyoto (JD), 1688, 1688, pinduoduo, hand q (Shouq), Multi-Function Instant messaging software wechat (wechat) online store and own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian merchandise retail chain.
The Russian export center will work with Russia to develop store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelves on-shelves.
The store is scheduled to open before the end of the year with at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
Russian export center data shows that China's e-Commerce platform has reached 1000 billion visits per month.
Meanwhile, food exports to China have seen steady growth since 2014, surpassed $ 1000 billion in 2018
Currently, alibaba group will also open pilot shops to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexi Kozevnikov, the new store will display goods for businesses selling at least Rs 500 billion or more.
Honestly, my expectation is higher, and 500 billion rubles are not worth nothing.
As we all know, Chinese consumers are pretty positive about Russian goods, treating our goods as high quality and environmentally friendly products."
Kozhev Nikov said the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is intense and intensifying.
" our goal is ambitious, launching 500 businesses through this store in three years. PM
At the same time, the platform will also launch products from Russian far east businesses.
Vyacheslav Cheglov Cheglov, professor of the basic teaching and research department of trade policy at prehanov, Russia: " it is a political project representing the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is state-owned rather than private institutions."
" I didn't see a large number of highly competitive Russian goods on the market. PM
He believes the project will probably not actually be implemented, but will help strengthen relations between the two countries.
Andrey Slepnev, President of the Russian Export Center, said during the eastern economic forum, product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been among the largest international, according to Russia news agency. Released on the wholesale online platform Alibaba.com, available in China and in other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with alibaba group, the training program for Russian businesses by experts from Taobao University, whose first workshop was held in July this year.
The Russian export center will also serve as organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and business projects at the nd China International Import Fair in Shanghai this November.
A Large exhibition will be held at the 1000 Square Meter Showroom, where it will also be the centre for business projects, agreement signing ceremonies, referral sessions and talks with Chinese Business Representatives.
Some 50 applications have been received from Russian agribusiness.
" in addition to the agricultural booth, we will definitely hold business meetings, which is to arrange direct connections between entrepreneurs." said the Russian export center news service."
" this is another direction of our efforts to support businesses and ensure that dozens of dedicated meetings are arranged for them. PM
In addition, the expo will hold a master class, cooking contest and a Russian cuisine experience of Russian cuisine cooked by the project " explore the sea station
Police await the full report and waiting for the attorney general's Department's Department's Department's office after the death was ruled on Friday, after the death of death was ruled on Friday.
The National Police Criminal Investigation Department Dato Houzel issued a statement Friday that police will await further instructions from the attorney general's office, according to the coroner's ruling.
In his statement, he stressed that the police had never terminated the investigation into the Mohammad Murder and that the investigation was still ongoing.
On the other hand, snow state sheriff noachan said the police will wait for the full report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded to this when he was asked about the matter after attending the transfer of duties of the sheriff's Deputy Sheriff at the snow state police headquarters Friday morning.
He said the police investigated the case based on the relevant report.
He added that the police will also watch the progress of the investigation, and decide whether to re-summon the person who had been recorded earlier.
The reporter learned from the Beijing municipal gardening bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China, Beijing recently, Beijing has recently used Chang ' an street and its lines as the main axis to enhance the landscape of the landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At Present, all 12 d flower fields along chang ' an street have been completed. 20000 million pots of flowers dressed up in the capital, dressed to welcome the national day.
Over the past few days, 12 gorgeous and varied three-dimensional flower fields along chang ' an street have attracted visitors to see and take photos.
These flowers are distinctive themes, from " Magnificent 70 " in the northwest corner of jianguomenmen to the end of a " beautiful tomorrow " in northeastern corner of fumen, bringing together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding happy life of the people.
The Director of the Beijing municipal garden and Greenery Bureau introduced that this year's green environment arrangement makes full advantage of its own innovative results, incorporating new varieties and technology at home and abroad.
Flowers are placed in total application of more than 230 varieties, including 16 self-grown varieties, 18 Green Anti-reverse varieties and 11 native plants.
3 Chrysanthemum Varieties have been applied for the first time.
In order to celebrate national day, Beijing has recently conducted comprehensive renovation of the landscape environment of the city, replenished more than 12 trees, 230 million trees, 2300 million flowers and lawn roots flowers.
At the same time, in important areas such as ring road, changan street extension line, Xiangshan Memorial Site, perimeter of the new airport and around major tourist spots, 200 theme flower fields have been set up to 20000 million pots. (strain), 10 million pieces of flower piles are placed, 5000 sets of containers, hanging flower boxes, 15 million flower boxes, making the capital green landscape is fully upgraded.
China releases China and the United Nations report on climate change, sustainable development, etc - xinhua network
Xinhua News Agency, September 26 (reporter xu xiaolei wang wen) on September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th un general assembly officially released " China and the united nations - the 74th un China position paper, United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's position and actions, China's progress report on the implementation of the sustainable development agenda 2030 (2019), earth data supporting sustainable development goals report, etc. 4 a document.
"China and the united nations - the Chinese position paper of the 74th un general assembly" summarizes the achievements and developments in cooperation between China and the united nations in the 70 years since the 70th Congress of the party.
It was pointed out that Chinese President Xi Jinping proposed to promote the construction of a human destiny community has become the flag of diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
Guided By Xi Jinping's diplomacy, China has participated in International Affairs with a more positive attitude, making a greater contribution to peace and development of the world and shouldering more responsibility.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a keeper of the international order.
The document describes China's important contribution to the three pillars of the United Nations Peace, development and human rights in ten ways.
Reaffirm China's unwavering support and practice of unilateralism and support for the united nations playing a central role in International Affairs; pointing out that China's development resonates with the development of the world, both promote each other; and stressed that in the face of the world has never seen in the century, a constantly developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
The United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's position and action closely links the nine areas of action of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, introducing China's policy advocates on international cooperation in combating climate change and achievements in China's response to climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China sees combating climate change as an intrinsic requirement of its own sustainable development and its responsibility for building a human destiny community. It will continue to overcome the many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multicism and fulfill international commitments and fulfill promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris agreement.
China's progress report on the implementation of the sustainable development agenda 2030 (2019) is the second progress report published by China following the release of the progress report in 2017
The report comprehensively summarizes China's initiatives, progress, challenges facing and next steps to implement the 2030 agenda, demonstrates the determination and achievements of China to live up to the new development philosophy and achieve high quality development.
The report contains examples of precision poverty, innovation leading development, eco-civilization, Rural Revitalization, co-construction of "Belt and road" will provide useful lessons for other countries in implementing the 2030 agenda.
The Earth Data Support Sustainable development goals report shows China's exploration and practices using earth data technology to support implementation and policy decision-making in 2030, reveals the value and prospects of technology and methods for monitoring and assessment of sustainable development goals. The International Community is filling in data and methodological gaps and accelerating the implementation of the 2030 agenda offers new perspectives and support.
The 6TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MACAU INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY ALUMNI-Lau wah chi, Leung Zi-Heng Art Works exhibition will be grand opening on September 29, 2019 at the exhibition gallery of technology institute of technology.
All walks of life are welcome to come and guide.
Renowned Designers Liu Wah-Chi and leung both graduated from the department of integrated design at the Macau Institute of technology, and co-founded the design company in 2013, after five years of effort, the company has achieved excellence and won more than 200 internationally. Awards, design business across the world, spanning 25 cities across more than 10 countries, are well known for bringing team design internationally.
At the invitation of the Macau Institute of technology alumni, we present their creative design works and share their experiences on their entrepreneurial mileage.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be an exchange on the design development of Macau.
The exhibition is open from 29 September 29 to 10 October 2019, 9 am to 11 pm, and the holidays are open as usual.
For inquiries, please contact the tech alumni association at 85993119
Laos collections and individuals received the national medal and badge of Vietnam
According to the decision by Vietnamese President Nguyen Fu Zhong on September 21 on the award of independence, Vietnam addressed 12 groups and 13 groups and 13 from the organs of the Laos Congress, the secretariats of Congress, etc. The Medal of independence was awarded by individuals in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity between the Congress and various organs of the two countries.
Vietnam's President Nguyen fuzhong also issued a decision to award the medal of friendship and badge of friendship.
In accordance with the decision, the state of Vietnam decided to award 21 groups and 34 individuals of friendship medals and 17 individuals in the Laos Congress, agencies and the secretaries of Congress, with a bid to recognize them positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity between the two capitals and the organs of Congress.
Speaking at the honours ceremony, Ms Nguyen Gold and silver stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two peoples is formed from a long history process, and the good traditional friendship between the two peoples of Vietnam and Laos. and the selfless relationship was created by President Ho Chi Minh and president kaishan fonwehan and carefully nurtured by the leaders and people of the two countries, and became priceless for the two countries.
Ms Nguyen Gold and silver stressed that in a complex and varied situation in the world, the older the greater friendship, special friendship and full cooperation are still being consolidified and developed and increasingly towards depth and pragmatic.
Ms Nguyen Gold and silver stressed that the award of Vietnam party and national medals and emblem to the collective and former senior leadership cadres of the Laos Congress is a recognition of Vietnam party, state and people for the great credit to all comrades, and hope that comrades continue their efforts make more contributions to strengthening great friendship, special solidarity and full cooperation.
Ms. Ruan Gold and silver stressed that the Vietnamese party and state will continue to maintain close coordination with the laos party and the country, inheriting and play on the achievements of cooperation achieved by both sides, actively consolidating and promoting great friendship, special solidarity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries. Forward development.
The groups and individuals of the Lao Congress, who received the medal of independence, the medal of friendship and the badge of friendship have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese State for honors and are sure that this is not only their honor, but also an honor of the Laos Congress.
US E-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives related lung damage to 805 cases.
12 people have died of e-Cigarette-related diseases and 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarettes, according to the central news agency reported. Up.
The U.S. centers for disease control and prevention reportedly informed the numbers and said that specific substances leading to the related diseases have not been identified.
However, most patients reported that e-cigarettes containing tetrahydrocannabinol were used, the main compound in cannabis that affects mental status.
The Surge in lung cases reportedly linked to the purchase of contaminated electronic smog devices on the black market.
The CDC noted that the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while 805 related diagnosed and suspected cases were from 46 states. Reporting with the U.S. Virgin Islands.
For the past 3 weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned e-cigarettes.
Reports say the trump government plans to ban all flavors other than tobacco flavors, reports say.
When is the next bus coming?
"Internet + Smart Station" makes you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Traffic Union Gaud Map announced that the first batch of "Internet + smart stop cards" in nanjing has officially landed in nanjing. at that time, 54 public buses will be lit will be fully upgraded. Nanjing informatization service level, improve the efficiency of bus service and the happiness of ordinary people travelling.
In the past, the anxiety scene of waiting for a bus stops almost daily.
It is hard to predict the operating time of bus, it is difficult to know the bus and location along the road. The problem of bus travel pain points need to be solved, especially in some big cities, commute roads, and the traffic conditions are complicated in the morning and evening commute hour. Hard to guarantee.
To this end, nanjing smart traffic, together with gaude maps to explore the new direction of "Internet + traffic" Convenience Service, launching the first intelligent service projects nationwide.
The first batch of " Internet + Smart Station " landed in nanjing, combining high-de data as well as eta algorithms of the estimated driving time eta algorithms, and rely on bus electronic stop and mobile internet, traffic data upgraded to achieve " Smart Station + E-Map " Dual-end release bus routes, bus expected time, etc.
Through " Internet + Smart Station Nanjing citizens can easily access the estimated stop time, learn about the real-time of the bus, and how many stops are left from the current site, but also can also be mastered intuitively through three colors of red orange and green. Bus along the road, let all bus routes through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the technology of " Internet + Smart Station " is online, Nanjing citizens have achieved convenient and efficient way to travel such as " to inquire the bus location before going out, waiting for the bus, and learn about the time to reach their destination
Based on the real-time bus information of " Internet + Smart Station choose the route that suits you most suitable for your travel, while also can also make traveling your mental expectations and reducing the anxiety of waiting for cars, thus making travel easier and relaxed.
Summer Palace Boutique Artifacts unveiled for the first time - xinhua network
The reporter learned from Beijing's summer palace administration that a total of 99 pieces of artifacts were on display. More than 30 of them were exhibited to the public for the first time, showing the summer palace's rich collection of palace artifacts and its traditional blessing culture connotations.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibitions: Rui Yuji Jin, fushu sumatum, special art, and enamel, featuring a variety of Jade Bronze, ancient calligraphy, miscellaneous, Porcelain Enamel, etc. Styling and pattern decorations embody the theme of " blessings.
Qijia, Deputy Director of the department of cultural relics department of the summer palace administration, said that there are many high-level cultural relics, there are many kinds of cultural relics, and the exhibitions of the
Nearly % of the exhibited artifacts are national first-class artifacts and second-Class Artifacts, which crossed from commercial dynasty to qingxu years.
More than 3000 years ago, the " oldest " Bronze Artifacts on display was exhibited. The Green Jade crouching bull weighing nearly 80 kg, carved by an entire piece of green Jade Cheng, preserved in good condition, it is very rare. The Stone Character's room clock, " Nanzai Gallery Gallery Painting book " Nanzai " are also the first time to be exhibited to the public.
Qin Lei, Vice President of Beijing's Summer Palace Administration, said the cultural exhibition upholding the spirit of making artifacts " live " and relied on the idea of the summer palace " Fushan Shou Hai " to hide " happiness theme artifacts are the carrier, let visitors understand the deep blessing culture of the summer palace, promote and carry on the Chinese traditional culture, and convey the best wishes for life.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will last until January 30, 2020
Xinhua current review: unwavering on our own path
The White paper on the new era of China and the world published on the 27th, the answer: China's development has been successful in 70 years is that under the leadership of the communist party of China, the Chinese people found the right development of socialism with Chinese characteristics the road and follow it with determination.
China's path of development that suits itself is a choice of history and people's choice.
In recent times, in the environment of poor and internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people have been seeking their way to find out to save the people.
However, " Constitutional monarchy, restoration of Imperial, Parliamentary System, Multi-party system and presidential systems all thought about it, tried it, and the result will not work. PM
It wasn't until with the communist party of China and with new China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path to socialism with Chinese characteristics.
This Road China has taken is the road to happiness for the Chinese people, the road to revival of the Chinese nation, and the same path for China and other countries in the world.
It is only by taking the right path that China can do its own business well, and become the world's second largest economy, the country that contributes the largest contributor to global economic growth, and continue to the world with its own development.
As stated in the white paper, this path of development in China, which is consistent with China's national conditions and adapting to the requirements of the times, will show a bright future of development as the times progresses.
Looking back at the past, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find the right path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish the right path even more.
The Chinese know the truth of Southern Orange North Orange, and understand that the one that suits others does not necessarily suit themselves, only those that suits themselves are the best.
It is with this road confidence and strategic determination that China has created the wonders of the world's attention.
In the twist and twist process ahead of humanity, the "end of history" was once known for a time.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics proclaimed the end of " end of history the collapse of " China's collapse theory and the failure of " socialist failure
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve prosperity and people, broadened the path for developing countries to modernization, providing experience and peoples in the world who wish to speed up development while maintaining their independence, and take a path that is consistent with their national conditions. Learn from.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of countries to choose a path of development that suits their national conditions.
China does not " Import " Foreign Model, nor " export " China's model, but will be determined to its own path, achieve its own continuous development, strengthen governance exchanges with countries, and make what it deserves to achieve good governance. Contribution.
A Foodworks supermarket owner found a 66-Year-old female worker by texting text messages to hire employees from Asian backgrounds has been slammed " shameful
The Commission said that Ms. Gail Ayton, owner of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has been working at wagga store for more than 20 years, treated employees "extremely unfair" and may violate anti-discrimination laws pm
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the shop in 2016 and he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not a Chinese.
In The Case, the vice chairman of the commission, Peter Sams, conducted a search on the internet to discover " some of the recruitment ads that Mr. Wang has posted in various Australian employment forums
One of the job requirements listed in these positions says "Preferred Asian lady and the other said" Preferred Asian employees
The third post says he " prefer overseas (sic)
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text messages this April, later said it was due to her absence and an alleged slight cash shortage of cash from $ 5.10 to $ 30 in the cashier.
But Mr Sams says Mr. Wang's reason for sacking ayton is weak and lack of evidence.
She has only been absent from duty for three years, and the "missing amount" totalled several Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton's dismissal was " literally nothing to do with her behavior or performance
He said: " in my opinion, the real motivation for the defence to dismissal of Mr. Wang, supported by evidence of a recruitment advertisement is that he would prefer to hire employees with an Asian background.
According to section 772 (F) of the fair work act, Mr. Wang's actions appear to constitute a violation of anti-Discrimination Act and / or dismissal of applicants. PM
Mr. Sams said it was inappropriate for Mr. Wang to consider reinstating her post, given the "appalling" treatment he treated Ms. Ayton.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, a temporary worker with an a$ 26 an hour.
In Light of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said he would submit his own verdicts and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr. Wang should be transferred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws behavior.
He said Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any chance to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said: " I believe that the defender has taken irreparable injustice and biased procedures to dismissal of applicants, Mr. Wang ' wait ' for the opportunity he believes it would ' justify ' the termination of employment of the applicants pm pm
" he was wrong..... the defendant completely ignored any natural justice treatment given to her in dismissal of the applicants, shocking his disrespectful and extremely unfair perfunctionality. PM
Mr Sams said that while foodworks is a small business, " it must be frank that any decent employer will not fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner recognized in the case. PM
He said: " this is disgraceful and extremely unfair. PM
Guangdong Railway meets national day golden week passenger flow 175 trains - China news network
China news network, Guangzhou, September 27 (Guo Jun Xu Jing) reporter learned from guangrailway group on the 27th that in order to meet the national day golden week travelling needs, guangrailway group will be increasing hot-direction trains one after the holiday period. The total number of passenger trains has been opened to 175 trips, increasing the traffic during the national day golden week.
Guangrail group will take a number of initiatives to do passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South station has optimized the three-Storey Security Checkpoint. 12 new security passages were added. After the new renovation, there are 44 security passages in the three-Storey Waiting room. In addition, in addition, in addition, in order to the passenger flow of passengers guangzhou south station has added 19 self-help real-name system validation equipment, a total of 71 units.
In order to relieve the stranded and congestion of vehicles on the South-South Road, Guangzhou South station will open 3 new parking spaces and 1000 new parking spaces to relieve the traffic around the south station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "High Speed Rail-Metro" free green passage.
On October 6-7th, the passenger flow reaches peak hour, Shenzhen North Station A2 outlet will be connected with the metro, providing free access to provide convenient travel during rush hour.
In addition, East-West Square will set up a u-colored express channel to serve passengers and special focus passengers only 15 minutes before driving.
Guangjiu passenger section conducts full-staff training on the eve of the national day golden week, ensuring that all the crew members who work learn to master business knowledge, improve the quality of service, ensure train flight attendants have a good spirit and more professional standard of business quality. Ride work to provide better service to travellers.
6 people denied the sale of fake Malaysian newspaper paper case to high court
6 men suspected of forged and selling our passports, paper and identity cards, including 1 Assistant Director of the National Registration Bureau, and 1 datuk businessmen, went to court on Thursday. The Judge approved charges against human trafficking and anti-trafficking in migrants and transferred to the high court.
Among them, the defense attorney, who represented datuk's Chinese accused lai zhenhua, was also a member of the sunhole district congressman, applied to leave the judge for the hearing on behalf of the case, that is no longer the accused, and he was granted permission in court.
He said he drew criticism from political opponents for representing the accused, and the action party to which he belongs is also involved.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the action party and the Greek Union government or other Greek Union leaders, and therefore the decision was made after careful consideration.
He also said there was no conflict of interest between representing the accused and being a member of Congress, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any of the accused, and so far, the accused, the accused, the accused, has not been convicted.
6 accused were charged in court on September 12 this year, facing multiple anti-trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking in immigration act, as well as charges against article 466 (forged documents) of the criminal code, all denial of guilt, nor have been granted by the court to wait trial.
Two court judges nothaha, and mazlan, after the prosecution's submissions on Thursday, approved the prosecution's application to transfer charges against human trafficking in persons and anti-trafficking act involving 6 accused high court hearing; allegations of forged documents will appear in the court on October 3, pending the prosecution to hand over documents to the defence.
The First 6 accused were arrested under the National Security Crimes (special measures) Act 2012 (Sosma) and therefore the judge was not granted bail.
Walking with the motherland - a sketch of the armed police force
A team of the armed police force composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters on the parade training ground is busy.
Sparkling Gunshots, unique olive green and red shoulder straps together make a brilliant landscape.
Recently, reporters walked into this squad and felt the determination of armed police officers and soldiers to be loyal guardians of the party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of " honor supremacy
"dreams shine on brilliant life and write the legend of the new era......" this is the team song created by the team members and soldiers... - walking with the motherland...
In the squad, this song is the motto of every player.
Qi Xiaoguang, 1.92 meters tall, stands out in the squad.
As the flagman of the former armed police flag guard, he had a deeper understanding of honor.
Military honors come from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as a flagman, training has been high standards and strict.
He was tied with a sandbag, stuck in a stopwatch, he practiced the pace, blindfolded, and stabilized with strong wind.
There's a picture that's always memorable in his " Atlas career
A Flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, and none of the visitors came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
The moment the flag was raised, qi xiaoguang felt the glory represented by the five-Star Red Flag on his shoulder.
Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a benchmark soldier in 2019
Benchmark soldiers are different from the standard of action.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although there is only 20-plus steps difference between qixiaoguang and benchmark soldiers, more effort must be done in training.
The benchmark soldier is number one in the first row, directly determines how neat the squad is.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicks repeatedly every day and practiced hard work.
In the demonstration, his precision pace of step won applause from officers and soldiers.
In the squad, almost every officer and soldier shares the same experience as qi xiaoguang.
Warrior Zhu Xudong's father attended the 50th anniversary parade on national day 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps to be part of the team, he suffered setbacks once, but never discouraged.
He said: " being able to walk through tiananananmen square like my father, to be censored by the party and the people is the glory of my life, and I will be willing to suffer any bitter pm
Walking into the honor room of the squad, 8 BIG WORDS "the capital's Elite Master" came into the eye.
Wang Qian, the team member of the squad is all from the armed police Beijing team this is a force with an honorable tradition that has been responsible for the founding ceremony, national day celebrations, security of the National Congress of the party and the capital's anti-terrorism. Such as major tasks, a group of British models such as " National Flag Guardian " " " Defense Hero Squadron more than 50 units and individuals have been honored by the State Council, the central military commission and armed police forces.
A foreign expert reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China to attend and address
A foreign expert reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China was held at the great hall of the people on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, standing committee of the standing committee
Han Zheng, on behalf of the Chinese government, on behalf of President Xi Jinping, wishes to all foreign experts and international friends who care, support, participate in China's reform and modernization.
Han Zheng said that since the establishment of the new China, especially over 40 years of reform and opening up, the communist party of China United LED all peoples across the country to make great efforts, successfully walked out a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, from standing up and getting rich to get rich great leap to strong.
Since the eighteenth congress of the party, the party central committee focused on Comrade Xi Jinping, has promoted the overall layout of " five " in coordination to promote the " four comprehensive " strategic layout, pushing the party and national cause to achieve historic achievements, and historic changes. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
New China's development achievements in 70 are the result of the relentless struggle of all Chinese people and condensed the hard work of foreign experts.
For 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China to join the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and have made indelible contributions that the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical beginning, and the Chinese people are fighting tirelessly for the decision to build a well-off society, seize the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and realize the great revival of
China will insist that "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, innovation is the first motivation" and vigorously implement innovation-driven development strategy and promote high quality economic development.
Human beings are the most innovative and dynamic factor, China will speed up the development of a large number of strategic science and technology talents, technology leaders, young tech talent and high-level innovation teams.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause of open learning to the world and a cause of cooperation with other countries around the world.
China will take a more open and inclusive gesture to learn from all peoples around the world and firmly implement more active, open and effective talent import policies.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to China to innovate entrepreneurship. We welcome talented junjie from all over the world to participate in the modernization of China, making a greater contribution to the construction of a human destiny community, and to the cause of world peace and progress
Liu he, yang jiechi, Chen XI, Zhang Chun-Hyun-Hyun, Xiao Jie and wangang attended the reception.
The Reception was hosted by tech minister wang zhigang.
The Reception was attended by old foreign experts who have long-time working in China, representatives of foreign experts and spouse, relevant departments of central and state agencies, and comrades in Beijing Municipality, totalled about 1800 people.
The deepest shaft main well of China's railway goes to the end.
Xinhua news agency kunming, September 27 (reporter ding yi quan), according to China railway group co. Ltd, China Railway's first long tunnel - tai (Li) Rui (Li) railway gao lai kongshan tunnel 1 the main well of the shaft successfully dig to the end on the 27th, 762.59 meters deep broke the record of the domestic railway shaft.
In Tunnel Construction, the shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
Song Tao, Chief Engineer of the hari project division of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said: " after successful digging into the main well of the main well no. 1 of gaoligung shan tunnel, it will help advance construction of construction of the construction of the construction well underground for the construction guide to open multiple working faces to speed up the construction of the entire gao lai kung mountain tunnel. PM
Song Tao introduced, the construction of shaft no. 1 of the gaoligong mountain tunnel using chisel method, equipped with chisel frame, chisel stabilizing car, chisel winch, whole moving metal template, Fjd-6 a umbrella drill, center large specialized machinery such as rock grabbing machine forms a " four-Series " Mechanical Pipeline " of Mechanized Excavating System, Ballast System, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc. It has achieved eye-blasting, blasting, template installation, concrete waiting for the full process mechanization, the construction progress has greatly accelerated.
It is understood that the dali east of dali, West to rui, with a full length of about 331 kilometers and designed speed of 140 kilometers per hour, is an important part of the sino-Myanmar International Railway
The gao lai kung mountain tunnel is 34.538 kilometers long and is the first long tunnel on railway in China.
"Fox hunting" scenery scene reproduces the scenery of detected police
The Cross-Country Search Series "Fox hunting" recently filmed scenes at tianjin airport, Wang Kai, Wang Gulu and other actors such as returning economic crime suspects back to their country.
Fox hunting crew filmed the key drama that best show the "Operation Fox hunting" law enforcement results at the airport - fox hunt team members hunt for fugitive home, drove off planes, sign arrest warrants and more.
The Cast took pictures of the apron, customs border checks and cabin, cabin, hatches, etc. The crew recreated the hard journey and professionalism of China's first-country flight of the police officers and fox hunting heroes to hunting criminals.
To successfully complete this shoot, the fox hunting team did a lot of pre-preparations, repeatedly confirming every execution detail to ensure the most authentic and most direct visual effect.
It is reported that the show will also be filmed abroad.
Vietnam needs to seize the opportunity to develop artificial intelligence.
The 4 criteria used to evaluate and rank cities to face ai wave readiness include outlook, capacity, asset base and direction of development.
Singapore city ranked no., followed by cities in the UK, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman Organization Expert on moxin pewanne said: " I think it makes great sense to look back and evaluate cities like Hanoi and ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam.
Overall, I think the future of Vietnam is bright in the background of high growth, strong economic development, and a rapid growth base.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
It is important that Vietnam should know how to take advantage of the opportunities offered by the fourth industrial revolution to promote economic growth. PM
Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing people's work, communication and lifestyles.
It brings greater efficiency, but also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequality.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only cities in the world is ready for breakthrough in the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was pleased to join in celebrating the 70th anniversary of China, and congratulates the Chinese government and people for their impressive achievements over the past 70 years.
Guterres said: " every time I visit China, I am shocked by the pace of change and progress.
You created one of the world's most dynamic economies and helped more than 850 billion people out of poverty - the biggest poverty achievement in history. PM
In terms of achieving the vision of the millennium development goals, China has witnessed transformative results: declining infant and maternal mortality rates, improved nutrition, fewer stunted populations and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation, he said. PM
Meanwhile, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
The Photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China opened today at United Nations headquarters
Guterres said this year is also the 40th anniversary of the united nations in China.
For the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multialism.
After pushing forward the implementation of the millennium development goals, China is actively implementing the sustainable development agenda for 2030
As the second largest donor to the regular budget of the United Nations and peacekeeping budget, China has been a partner in ensuring that the organization's activities remain stable.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than "Blue Helmets" soldiers on missions in South Sudan.
Guterres said " as the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support the multidimensional solutions to the global crisis.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation in building a better world for all. PM
Chinese State Councilor and foreign minister wang yi said that the Chinese people have worked hard for 70 years to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have been travelling with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also by the world and humanity.
This photo exhibition tells the struggle of the Chinese people, their brilliant achievements and contributions to the world.
Un News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and foreign minister wang yi is reading the report on sustainable development of the United Nations.
Here's the story of National Unity, China's policy of regional autonomy has achieved great achievements, whether it is north and south of tianshan, or Tibet on the snow-Area Plateau.
Rapid Economic Growth, social harmony and stable, people live and work peacefully.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also told the story of the Chinese people building eco-civilization, stories of peaceful development, the story of the "Belt and road" initiative, and the story that breeds the destiny community.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, Green Water Green mountains are golden mountain.
After constant efforts, China is on the road to green development.
China is pursuing a peaceful foreign policy, actively building diplomatic relations with the countries around the world. It plays a role in solving hot spot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of major changes that the world has never seen in centuries, China is actively defending the international system with the united nations as
After 70 years, China is young, high and elegant. No matter how the international wind changes, we will stick to our original intentions.
Wang Yi meets with Malawi foreign minister casela
On 26th local time, State Councilor and foreign minister wang yi met with Malawi foreign minister kasela during his attendance at the un general assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Malaysia, relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steady development, exchanges and cooperation in
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited president mutarika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation. The two heads of state held fruitful meetings to lead sino-Malaysian relations to a new stage.
China stands ready to join the Malaysian side to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation, so as to promote the further
China stands ready to strengthen communication and coordination with the Malaysian side in International Affairs and safeguard the common interests of both sides and the general picture of China-Africa relations.
Kasela said China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries and that China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
The Malaysian side adhere to the one-China policy and thanks the Chinese side for its support and help to Malawi.
The Malaysian side looks forward to further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to Malaysia to invest in business.
About 800 million national day excursions reflect china tourism supply and demand
About 800 million trips will be traveling during the upcoming "eleven" Golden week!
Big data from multiple tourism platforms show that supply and demand for our tourism consumption market is booming.
The National Day Travel report predicts that based on previous year's National Day Tourism Statistics, it is expected that domestic tourists will be close to 800 million during the national day holiday this year. There will be more than 7500 million outbound tours.
Currently, tourists from more than 500 cities are booked with group tours, free travel, customized tours, local fun, covering 100 countries and regions.
Last year's National Day Holiday, a total of 726 million domestic tourists were received, an increase of 9.43 % on year, according to the Chinese Tourism Research Institute.
This year's national day holiday will not only be a new high number of tourists, but the upgrades of consumption will also become the "main theme" for national day vacation.
Travel reports that domestic cross-Provincial tourists spent more than 3000 Yuan during the national day holiday, an increase over the same period last year, due to the popular selection of products such as high-rated brands, no shopping tour groups, exquisite group, special car specialist, etc.
Mother Donkey Travel Network booking data shows a similar trend, with comfortable models used throughout the country's long line, and "private groups" under ten people are more popular than previous years.
Spring and autumn travel data shows that its consumers prefer to experience, service, and differentiated " easy
Flying pigs data shows that the number of tourist bookings on the fourth line and below has the fastest growth rate of 30 % on year on year, reflecting an increase in more local residents.
Personalization is a big feature of this year's "eleven" Golden week tour.
Carrying data shows that orders for renting cars for the national day holiday are expected to grow by nearly 60 % on year on year, and the short-drive tours of the surrounding small-drive tours continue to be popular. The number of private groups increased by as much as 155 % on year.
Sharing joy is the main purpose of traveling and leisure.
Carrying data shows that 28 % of tourists during the national day holiday are parent-child groups, 25 % are couples travelling, and 23 % are colleagues and friends.
In addition, in terms of the age of tourists, " 80 s " and " after 90 " account for more than 90 % of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that unlike the previous golden week outbound tours grew faster this year, the domestic tour market performance is more "Eye-catching" this year.
Flying Pig data shows that the number of people booking domestic language travel routes this year on national day holiday increased by 42 % on year, faster than outbound tours.
Industry analysis, in the same time with high demand, we push for tourism supply side reform, providing tourists more rich " cultural travel feast
For example, the state administration of sports and the ministry of culture and tourism recently launched the " Eleventh Golden Week Sports Tourism Boutique Route 2019 the ongoing Shanghai Tourism Festival 2019 HAS LAUNCHED 7 pieces of 100 culture and tourist activities attract Chinese and foreign tourists to participate; various provinces such as golden week, henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Hunan, shandong, shandong, have introduced free measures.
The data on-trip booking data shows the most "fire" destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics in the country. Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, XI ' an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, nanjing, ti will be the most popular domestic tourist destination city.
Our Country's first live cinema "now - celebrating new China 70 birthday" will be aired simultaneously on October 1 cinemas in more than 10 provinces across the country.
CCTV will broadcast live the 70th anniversary celebration of new China's 70th anniversary celebration, parade and mass parades on the big screen via 4 K Ultra Hd Signals.
The head of the central radio and television station introduced in Beijing on the 27th. On the national day, the main station will build more than 200 seats and set up equipment at Chang ' an street and celebration regional high point, using lens language. with the same voices, full process for the first time, FULL ELEMENT 4 K Ultra HD and 5.1 surround live.
China is expected to become Australia's biggest beef export market.
China faces severe pork shortage after african swine fever outbreak, says China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market, an animal protein analyst at rabobank.
Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins after the outbreak, which has caused authorities to destroy many herds, reducing the number of raw pigs in China nearly doubled in the past year.
China produces and consume two thirds of the world's pork.
Demand for other meat, including beef, the world's largest impork importer, says the world's largest animal protein analyst of animal protein analyst in China, says pan (Chenjun Pan, transporter), said. The volume accounts for 27 % of the world and beef imports account for 24 % of the world.
China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65 percent in the first half of this year, China surpassed the U.S. and Japan, becoming Australia's largest beef export market, Ms. Pan said.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the communist party of China.
White Paper: China always puts its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The White paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, and always tied its destiny to the fate of the world's peoples.
The White paper says China is promoting world peace and development through its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China is determined to take its own path, concentrate on doing its own business, making the country stronger, happier and people happier, and inject stability and certainty into a complex and changing world. This is in itself. Biggest contribution to development.
The new era of China will continue to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, guided by Xi Jinping's new era.
China has always focused on economic construction as the center of its country, and unwavering on the path of high quality development, implementing the new concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and shared, and accelerating the construction of a modern economy and better meet the people's growing good life. Need.
Giving ordinary people a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese military has always been a firm defender of world peace.
The White Paper States that China insists on co-win-win cooperation and common development.
" the Chinese people not only want to have a good life for themselves, but also the people of other countries. PM
China insists on developing innovation, Growth Synergy, integration of interests, promote high quality development of "Belt and road" and promote global poverty reduction and development.
China is firmly upholding and promoting economic globalization, according to the white paper.
China is an active participant and a firm supporter of economic globalization.
China stands ready to join the international community in taking the initiative to step up guidance to make the economic globalization process more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive open strategy to create a more comprehensive, deeper and diverse open pattern of openness to the outside world, achieve a wider mutually beneficial win-win-win, with practical actions to safeguard and promote economic globalization.
China firmly opposes unilateralism, protectionism and opening doors to the outside world will grow bigger, speed up regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the yuan.
The White Paper States that china firmly supports multicism and upholds international justice.
China will, as always, firmly uphold the international system with the united nations as its core, firmly uphold the international order centred on the purposes and principles of the charter of the United Nations, and join other countries in upholding to unilateralism and oppose unilateralism
Upholding fairness and justice is the basic norm for China's handling of international issues.
China respects the path of development and social systems chosen by all peoples, respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of each country, and opposes interference by outside forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will or allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The White paper says China is actively involved in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always maintained a balance of rights and obligations. Not only sees the demands of China's development on the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China and actively participate in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations to promote better adapting the new demands of global governance in terms of ideas, institutions, operational patterns, etc. It better fulfil its responsibilities under the charter of the United Nations and play in maintaining world peace and promoting common development. Bigger.
China is actively promoting innovative development of the concept of global governance, sums up the successful practices and experiences of national governance in time, actively explored the positive ways in Chinese culture, the concept of governance and resonates with today's era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom to improve global governance., Chinese power.
Wang Yi: Help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and foreign minister wang yi attends a public meeting on "peace and security in Africa" at un headquarters in New York.
Wang Yi said in his speech that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
China has never been absent to help africa maintain peace and security.
At This moment, more than 2000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in 5 United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese Navy has been escorted in the gulf of aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, completing more than 1200 shipments of escort missions.
Wang Yi said we support Africa in strengthening peace and security capacity.
The "China-United Nations peace and development fund" announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, which focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counterterrorism and achieving sustainable development. So far, 34 non-related projects have been carried out to become China, Africa, a new platform for tripartite united nations cooperation.
On the road to peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand.
World's oldest barber died at age 108 years old and cut his hair cut for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, a world record certified world record certified world's oldest barber, 108, who never retired daily haircuts for guests, but 19 nelli died of complications from jaw cancer, saying goodbye to his 96-Year-long haircut life.
Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 and helped clean the floor at a barbershop, and started picking up scissors to serve guests at age 12 to relieve the home economic pressure inside.
Mancinelli, though he was in primary school, did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son Robert reveals that dad loves work and people from around the world loved him, but though he was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer this February, 6 weeks before his death unable to work due to physical factors, but it's not retiring because he plans to come back to cut his hair when he gets better.
Robert, 82, says he must now find a new barber after his father's death, because he has been asking his father to help cut his hair.
The Repurchase of listed companies exceeded 100000 billion yuan in the year - xinhua net
In order to stabilize the company's share price and safeguard the image of the company, listed companies have started to repurchase shares frequently in the last two years. Through Directional Repurchases, pooled bidding trading, hoping to pass the information that the company's value is underrated to the market, faith.
Oriental Wealth Choice data shows that the funds for repurchase of shares of listed companies in 2017 was 7900 billion Yuan, surged to 51000 billion yuan in 2018, and since 2019, the total repurchase of a-shares listed companies have been implemented. The amount has exceeded 100000 billion Yuan, setting a-time high in repurchases of a shares, far higher than previous years.
Judging from the purpose of repurchase, the company's Repurchase Shares seems the same as big shareholders, but there are a lot different in terms of implementation main body, source of funds, the purpose of repurchase, equity and equity and so on.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mikerong Information Consulting Ltd, said in an interview with a reporter of the securities daily, the "opinion on supporting listed companies repurchase of shares" published in November 2018, targeted at the scope of shares. The problems of the current system such as narrow, complicated decision-making procedures and poor inventory system have been repaired. The phenomenon of Repurchase Shares has increased sharply since the previous policy to encourage listed companies to buy shares.
In January this year, the exchange and deep exchange officially issued the implementation rules for repurchase of listed companies. These policies have broaden the sources of funds for listed companies, properly simplify the implementation procedures, guide improved governance arrangements and encourage various listed companies to implement equity incentive or employee ownership plan.
After the opinion was released, listed companies conduct shares Repurchase Operations, with more suitable conditions, the repurchase process is easier and more motivated for shares.
Repurchasing shares at a relatively low position also helps listed companies improve the efficiency of use of funds, thus increasing the profitability per share, increase net asset return, and relieve the pressure on corporate profit index.
Compared to the increase of large shareholders, the significance of Repurchase Shares of listed companies is more important, and it also embodying their willingness to manage their active market value management and abundant
Xu Yang believes that the underrated share price is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies, and the shares of the company no longer reflect the future development prospects of the company, so such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot blindly invest, we need to pay attention to pay attention to such listed financial report and specific business situation.
Listed companies with Mass Repurchase Behavior, at least show the company's confidence and financial strength.
The enthusiasm for repurchase of listed companies has gradually heated, and it also regularized repurchase behavior. Data shows that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented shares this year, and that the leading companies in various industries become the main force of the Repurchase Market.
China peace recently disclosed the Repurchase Progress, saying that the company has accumulated 57590 million shares of shares through centralized bidding trading, accounting for 0.315 % of the company's total capital, and the total funds paid is 5000 billion Yuan (excluding transaction costs), Repurchase Shares will be fully used for employee ownership plans, including but not limited to long-term service plans already considered by the company's shareholders meeting.
Ili shares have paid $ 5792 billion for stock repurchase and has recently adjusted the use of repurchased shares, with the original plan " Repurchase Shares will be used as a source of stock for later implementation of stock incentive " to " Repurchased 183 billion shares, of which 152 million are used to implement equity incentives, and the remaining 30490 million shares will be used to reduce registered capital
Ili shares said that some of the repurchased shares will help further raise the level of return per share and increase the return of the company's shareholders.
Tcl Group Issued A Repurchase Progress announcement on September 25, showing that tcl group has accumulated repurchased 3.59 % of shares in the company at a total cost of 1650 billion yuan.
The Tcl Group's board office told securities daily reporters that repurchase shares will be used for employee ownership plans, equity incentive or convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
Tcl group adhere to established business strategies, constantly improve competitiveness and continue to develop healthily.
Based on confidence in the future development of the company and the interests of investors, combining the performance of the company's secondary market in recent year, and taking into account the company's operating situation and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funding and other ways to return buying shares in the company.
Former Shanghai open source fund chief economist yang delong said that the operation of repurchasing shares of listed companies can reduce the number of shares in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies is an important benefit to the secondary market; in addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to pull out real gold and silver and buy back stocks from the stock market, which greatly boost market confidence.
The Repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially chips, and it is a very good way to boost investor s' confidence through stock buybacks.
Hunan Provincial Committee standing committee, changsha city committee secretary hu henghua and engineering machinery manufacturing xiangjun's four main doors - Zheng Xin, Liang, he qinghua, Liu Feixiang, surrounded " Changsha from construction machinery to changsha smart manufacturing " sets a " small goal " - three or five years to create the world's leading cluster of engineering machinery industry.
Building the world's leading level of engineering machinery industry cluster in changsha is to create " the strongest on the surface
As the capital of the inland province, changsha shouted out this magnificent words, where does it come from?
Based on the power of domineering side.
The four engineering machinery that participated in the dialogue, each of them were well-known. They covered the sky, underground, sea, land: Mountain and land: Mountain River Smart Light Aircraft, concrete delivery pumps in the China heavy engineering, and the whole ground of Trinity Cranes and iron construction tunnel shield machine, its "hard power" can be considered to take pride in the world.
Once upon a time, China basically had no say in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
Time has changed, Chinese companies " introduced " to " go out " Double-wheel drive, take the east wind, acquisitions, mergers, factory setting up, etc.
Among them, the leading companies such as trinity of engineering machinery, China's heavy engineering, iron construction, Mountain River Intelligence, etc. Their output value, market share, sales, sales, etc.
The camera moves by camera.
Engineering Machinery Xiang Army " four kingdoms is the leader in changsha engineering machinery industry cluster and also the head enterprise of the global engineering machinery industry.
Who survives and live well in the rivers of global industry is the hardness of speaking.
Earlier, the global engineering machinery industry suffered a cold winter, and many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturers fell down, but changsha's engineering machinery manufacturers used " cat winter swimming " as " as " as " winter swimming " and self-breakthrough. The transformation of industrial structure, transformation from manufacturing to wisdom, not only supported the past, but also stronger body bones.
Relying on the power of the people who support the stars.
Developing Advantageous Industries requires positive enterprise and positive actions by the government.
Changsha has the reputation of "Capital of engineering machinery" is that it brings together the whole industrial chain from upstream to downstream, creating many connected industrial clusters, perfecting services by optimizing the business environment, perfecting and simplify the approval process, etc. The cost of r & D, manufacturing, and sales of businesses have greatly reduced.
Good Business Ecology, let engineering machinery manufacturing companies come.
History has pushed changsha to the front desk to create a global leading level of engineering machinery.
Whether it is the government, businesses, or even related to it, should seize the opportunity, take advantage of the momentum, set goals and continue to contribute to the power of hunan to the construction of a strong nation.
Wang yi chairs the foreign minister s' meeting of China and African members of the security council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
China stands firmly with African brothers, in the past, present and future.
We advocated the holding of this foreign minister meeting is a concrete initiative of the important consensus reached between President Jinping and leaders of African countries at the Beijing Summit of the forum on China-Africa cooperation last September, with a view to strengthen solidarity between China and African countries in the security council, it is to push the international community to better support Africa for peace and development.
Wang Yi said Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the security council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
Facing the new situation, China stands ready to join the African countries in the security council to strengthen unity and coordination and safeguard common interests.
Both sides should rely on unity, resolve their differences through negotiations, rely on self-Reliance, and self-Reliance on development to manage the root.
The foreign ministers of participating African member countries thank the Chinese side for taking the initiative to hold this meeting and congratulates the 70th anniversary of the founding
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and Africa and China are always the most reliable and reliable partners.
The African side appreciates the important and active role that China has played in African affairs as a permanent member of the security council, which has contributed to a just and reasonable resolution of African problems, and has made great efforts and contribution to safeguard Africa's interests and promoting peace and security
As Africa faces threats of terrorism and extremism, only if security problems are addressed can Africa truly achieve long-term peace development.
Looking forward to further coordination with China in the security council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached important consensus.
We all support upholding unilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, upholding the purposes and principles of the charter of the United Nations and against unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen China-Africa cooperation in United Nations and Security Council affairs and safeguard the common interests of the; we all support African countries to solve African problems in an African way, call for United Nations to provide financial support for autonomous peace operations in Africa; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve autonomous sustainable development; we all stand firm legitimate interests, against any country creating obstacles for developing countries and denying the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu: the lake is carrying "Poverty-free scriptures".
Autumn of September rendering the loess plateau.
At yimin yima town, 58-Year-old villager shavili filled the food tank in the goat's circle with a last shovel of grass, and watched the white lake chew.
" it's delicious, wait until autumn and winter get fat, before you can sell the good price. PM
Shavili said he fed sheep "specially-made meals" every day, cleaned regularly, sterilized and sterilized, and he didn't dare not snub.
Shavili raised sheep for more than 20 years until he came to work in the cooperative that he didn't know how rough it was in the past.
Shavili is a man of xia loochi village in yima town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, gansu
His neighbours are all sheep breeding, but adhere to the traditional method of scattering, poor quality of sheep and small amount.
In June, under the guidance of the government, 140 impoverished people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Shavili spent all day digging into farming because he was always holding his heart.
The people who are in stock are poor households. They all trust their sheep to the cooperative. They can be able to share bonuses and sell the price at the year.
Fortunately, with the guidance of the technicians, he slowly learned to prevent the disease, mastered scientific feeding, and became the few "good" in the village.
The yimin farming professional cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep shed with nearly 1400 Lakes.
Zou Tao, head of the cooperative, said that both inside and outside the standardized sheep shed, have a good way.
" the wool is thick, prone to breeding bacteria, the lake can't wait in a sultry and wet place, the sheep shed must be built in a three-sided ring ditch, and also have to be installed with a fan to ventil pm
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent the disease, it is necessary to spray the sheep shed regularly, giving sheep three to four vaccinations in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, the " fat sheep " also have to eat grass made of silage corn, wheat, alfalfa and so on, and have a wide " playground " to stretch their bones.
Cooperatives adopt a custodial approach to guide local farmers to drop good lakes here, managed, marketing, achieve benign, scientific, standardization, and intensive farming.
Nowadays, the 140 poor households that are in stock with sheep share more than 6000 Yuan per year, and there are 4 people setting up cards to help poor people working in cooperatives.
From " manshan herding " to " Precision Feeding... from " local mating " to " artificial infertilization... from " looking at body shape, touching the belly " to " doing b ultra......... in qingyang, gansu meat farming is not just a change in the way of feeding, the " Leading Business + Cooperative + Farmer " model has changed the scene of " raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market " and overcame the weak traditional farming, farmers. Poor days get better with modern sheep farming.
Zou Tao said that if market prices are weak, the local leading company gansu zhongsheng agriculture development co. Ltd, will buy it at a market protection price of 27 Yuan per Kilogram, helping farmers spread market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of gansu zhongsheng agriculture and development co. Ltd. said that businesses are encouraging more poor households by offering loan guarantee, lamb supply, order farming, quote acquisition, UNIFIED PROCESSING SALES, etc sheep sutra
In Qingyang, at least 8200 impoverished families have achieved steady gains through "joining" of farming, good breeding, mass farming, slaughtering, market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral intersection, and rich in grass resources.
Currently, there are 913 scale farming farms in the city, co-operatives and sheep breeding more than 500 million, and two processing lines have been built for slaughter of 1300 million meat and sheep, and sheep are becoming the local industry. Poor "leader"
France's Finance Minister says more than billion euros will be cut next year and calls on Germany to follow up
Reuters Paris September 26-French Finance Minister Bruno le maire said Thursday that France will cut more than  10000 Billion ($ 10900 billion), and Germany should follow up France's fiscal stimulus pace to revive the slump economy.
Introducing France'S 2020 budget, lemel said the ecb's latest monetary loose move creates an opportunity to increase investment by governments of those who are capable member states.
The ECB cut interest rates to record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases to lower the cost of lending, hoping to boost economic recovery and boost inflation.
" low interest rates will not bring Europe back to prosperity, monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough lemel told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, now, sooner. Don't wait until things get worse," he added.
He has made this call to Germany several times.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than  10000 billion this year, bringing a big boost to France's economic growth.
While the global economy is losing momentum, Germany's export-dependent economy bears the brunt.
Lemel noted that the tax burden of French families next year will be reduced by  9300 billion, including  5000 billion income tax relief.
In addition, corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly  1000 billion as corporate tax rates will be reduced from 33.3 % to 25 % over five years.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued important instructions on the protection of martyr memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen planning, construction, repairing and maintenance of martyr cemetery.
In order to carry out the spirit of important instructions from general secretary near ping, invest in advancing the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, the general office of the general office of the state council and the central military commission recently issued the general office of martyr memorial facilities planning and maintenance work programme []
The work program is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities. It clearly defines the goal of the mission of protecting martyr memorial facilities, proposes to plan to build good martyr memorial facilities, perfect the system that promote the red education base system; repairs and protect martyr facilities, create a strong social atmosphere in which honors remember their merit; manage and maintain the martyr memorial facilities and form a well-established organization guarantee management system.
[work program] it is clear that we should strengthen the restoration and protection of martyr memorial facilities, in accordance with integrated arrangements, focus on the long-term principles, strengthen the protection of martyr memorial facilities, invest in improving the system, improve the policy and regulations and regulations system, and improve quality improvement facilities to enhance service capacity; optimize the content of exhibiting, innovate ways to improve overall performance.
The work programme emphasizes the need to improve the system and organization's system, strengthen organization leadership, create a working mechanism led by the ministry of Veterans Affairs, and the initiative and broad participation of society; and improve the system of regulations and regulations, continue to promote the institutionalization, normalization and professionalization of martyr memorial facilities planning and professional; strengthen team building, introducing volunteer services, encourage veterans, family members of martyrs, experts, academics and young students to actively participate in explaining and order of martyr memorial participate in the mechanism, adhere to government-LED, Multi-Investment, actively advocate to encourage businesses, social organizations and individuals to contribute and support the maintenance of martyr memorial facilities.
Study: the nhi has grown slightly but still challenging -
China news network, September 27-according to a recent study by the U.S. Government's healthy eating index has increased modest growth from 56 years, according to a recent study by the us news network. Reached 58.
But with a full score of 100, it's not worth celebrating.
American Nationals still face "significant challenges" on their diet.
Dr. Zhang Fang, a nutritionist at Tufts University, Massachusetts, says Americans are still eating too much food that could cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity, all of the study, all in America the disease most common among citizens.
The study was published in the American medical society magazine on 24
The study is based on the findings of a health survey conducted by the U.S. government of 44 million adults from 1999 to 2016
" despite significant improvements, significant dietary challenges remain, the authors wrote.
These challenges reportedly include reducing U.S. Nationals snacks, hot dogs, fat cows, butter, etc.
Research found that people's daily diet of these unhealthy fat increased from 11.5 % to 12 %, surpassing the recommended 10 % intake limit.
The biggest improvement in the U.S. National Diet is the reduction in sugar intake from 16 % to about 14 percent, but intake is still too high.
Officials say sugar intake should be less than 10 % in daily diet.
As to the reasons for the decline in sugar intake, researchers believe it is related to the decline in people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fang stressed that sugar is often added to foods such as yogurt and tomato sauce.
American adult intake of fruits, nuts, oatmeal and other whole-Grain Categories Increased slightly.
However, 2016 data shows that these foods still make up less than 5 % of daily diet.
Despite a slight decline in salt intake and a decline in drinking juice leads to low-quality carbs intake, Zhang Fang said they still account for up to 42 % of the daily calories, many of them from fine processing white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on a biannual personal health survey that will remind adults of the food they have eaten in the last 24 hours.
These health checks have been asking the question twice every few days since 2003
The Government-released dietary guidelines for American residents recommend people to adopt "healthy eating patterns" to reduce the risk of chronic illness.
The Guide States that people should eat more nutritious foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry, eggs, seed foods that can provide protein.
The number of diabetes among U.S. Nationals nearly doubled during the survey period, more than 7 percent, and obesity rates have increased in many years between the study - about 70 % of adults in the U.S. adults are overweight or obese pm
In addition, heart disease remains the leading cause of death for American Nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
A member of the central political bureau of the communist party of the central committee, Secretary of the central committee and minister of economic affairs ruan wenping LED a delegation to attend the forum.
Based on the close partnership between the EU and partners in the Asia Pacific Region, the forum has set the theme " EU and Asia: building bridges for the future of sustainable development
The Forum is held a year after the implementation of the docking strategy on two continents of the EU.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Junker said that strengthening docking is part of the aforementioned proposal because of benefits to the peoples and economies involved.
The above relationship helps bring stability and prosperity to all parties.
He also believes the EU wants to convey the message about increasing participation and consolidating mutually beneficial ties between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a guest guest at the forum and will deliver an important speech in the meeting.
The Nation's first shareholding financial Management Affiliate Set up with technology to enable investment management business
On the 26th, guangdao bank's fully owned financial management co. Ltd. was officially established in qingdao. This is the first joint-Stock Bank Financial Management Affiliate.
Experts Say Asset Management is an important area in developing finance technology, and that banks set up financial management affiliates helps them to use technology to enhance their asset management business.
In April this year, Guang Bank and merchant bank issued separate announcements saying they have received approval from the CBC to prepare a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Guang Bank announced that the grand financial management has been officially allowed to open business.
In Just 2 days, Guangdao Bank LED a number of stock banks and was the first to set up a big financial management in qingdao.
The Chairman of guangdai group li xiaopeng said that guangdong group will speed up the pace of innovation, using modern technology thinking and means to rely on big data, internet of things, cloud computing, improve the coverage, usage and permeability of financial capital, and improve customer s' access, happiness and security.
By 2021, we will build "four beam eight pillars" to improve our financial technology development, further enhance the ability of technology applications in the financial industry, achieve deep integration of finance and technology, harmonious development, and significantly enhances the people to digitalization, networking and intelligent. Satisfaction of financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of guangdong, said that the capital management platform for financial management will use smart investment, smart investment research, big data, and other technologies to help improve the macro-economic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trends from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a specialist at the national finance and development laboratory, said that in the face of a brand new competition in the asset management industry, financial technology companies and investment management agencies will explore new growth paths with asset management technology.
Financial technology empowering and management industry is the need for financial technology to transform and development of financial technology itself, it will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of asset management business.
Earlier this year, Tokyo digital technology launched a new asset management technology system to enhance product development and wind control capabilities of asset management with technology and digital means.
The new system starts with 4 abilities of product design, sales trading, asset management, risk assessment, and improve the overall intelligence of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service capacity and innovating products, it can also enhance risk prevention and improve the efficiency of management management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past risk preferences used to locate customers through questionnaires were easily biased, but now using ai for user portrait helps to better locate customers and launch the product based on their investment preferences, and help relieve risk.
" other large data such as e-Commerce, spacetime data, can help us better describe a region, the activity, and landscape of an industry. PM
Big data technology will also help improve wind control, says Zhang Xuyang said.
China railway tunnel deepest record refreshed
Zhongxin Social Security Mountain, September 27th (Zhang Wei Mingxu is the national jingbo) after more than 1200 days of construction day and night work, the construction of the University (Li) Rui (Li) Railway no. the shaft was completed on the 27th, which reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the deepest record of China's railway tunnel shaft, which was set during a massive flooding.
The 34.5-Kilometer-kilometer tai rui railway gaoligong mountain tunnel is located in yunnan. The tunnel is the longest single-tunnel in Asia.
The tunnel crosses 19 fracture zones, with a maximum depth of 1155 meters, as it covers almost all the unfavorable geological and significant risks that may encounter in the tunnel construction, the gaoligong mountain tunnel is known as the "Geological Museum for tunnel construction"
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel in the gao lai kung mountain tunnel. It is tasked with the important task of increasing the operation to achieve "long tunnel short-tunnel" and ventilation
Shaft no. 1 successfully excavated to the bottom of the well, marking that the gao lai kung mountain tunnel has officially entered the level tunnel construction. After excavated and equipment replacement, there will be added 4 operating faces under the underground, accelerating speed of the pm
" the shaft is all in granite formations, because granite formations are more cracks, it can't stop the water, and it can't stop from top to bottom, basically as deep water pressure the well is. PM
Chief Engineer of the darui railway project department of the China Railway Bureau told reporters that there were many dangerous situations such as mud flooding and collapses during the construction of the shaft. The construction party invited experts to take on-site and more than 20 discussions on the treatment plan.
" when water flooding inside the shaft, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour and more than 700 meters deep, with water pressure equivalent to the sea floor of 700 meters deep. PM
" if we don't drain time, we will flooded 10 meters in 1 hours. We spend almost 85 % of our time to treat water and 15 % of our time to dig. PM
In order to overcome the geological difficulties such as longitudinal development, mud flooding and water-Rich Granite, tunnel construction measures combines "exploration, injection, digging" to reduce construction risk.
After many improvements, the no. 1 shaft construction formed mechanized pipeline such as excavation system, Ballast System, suspension system, winch lifting system, and so on the whole process of eye, blasting, ballast, template installation, concrete pouring, etc. Mechanized work accelerated construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1200 days and night construction, the shaft successfully completed a 762.59 meter depth.
The Dai Railway, which is 330 kilometers, is an important part of the international crossing between China and Myanmar, and it is an important transportation infrastructure to implement the construction of " Belt and
After the construction of traffic, dali to ruili will be shortened from 6 hours on the current highway to 2 hours, which will greatly improve the traffic pattern in West Yunnan Region, and will push China and Southeast Asian countries. Economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges with people play a boost.
Lim Cheng Yueun: proud of national achievement as a Chinese
The Hong Kong Press welcomes the 70th anniversary of national day.
"Hong Kong Press Reception to celebrate the 27th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th
Speaking at a reception, the chief executive of the Hong Kong special administrative region, Mrs Carrie Lam said that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years are visible to the world, and we are proud as Chinese.
, Deputy Director of the central government in Hong Kong, Deputy Director of the central government in Hong Kong; Deputy Commissioner of the foreign ministry of foreign ministry of foreign affairs office in Hong Kong, Deputy Political Commissioner Chen aden Chen aden, and the press celebrating National Day Preparation Committee Executive Committee Chairman Jiang Zhong attended the reception and served as guest at the ceremony.
Ms Lin said that China has faced many difficult challenges in the past 70 years, but it has overcome the achievements made by one by one by one by one and the world. We are proud of us as Chinese.
Hong Kong has been tightly linked with the mainland since its return to China, making progress together and share fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems Hong Kong can continue to play its advantages in the future, and take advantage of the opportunities of" Belt and the great bay area of guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, so
She also said that over the past few months, every Hong Kong citizen has been affected and journalists face different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that friends in the press will continue to face the difficulties, be professionally, provide fair and balanced news coverage for the community, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and to return to rational communication dialogue.
Jiang Zhong said that the brilliant journey that new China has gone through is also the journey of Hong Kong and development, progress, blood connection with our country.
Especially since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the central government has unwavering commitment to " one country, two systems " Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong " and a high degree of autonomy, Hong Kong and mutual help each other, together, together to create a miracle of mutual benefits, win-win and economic
For this reason, the Hong Kong Press gathered to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
He said that in the past 3 months, there have been a series of violence in Hong Kong that are blatant violations and wanton destabilizing society, with some media publishing misrepresented and false reports that have contributed to the violence.
He called on the media to be furious and create a good atmosphere for the people to resist violence and uphold the rule of
Professional media professionals should adhere to the norms of journalism, use true reporting and responsible remarks to guide the public to self-consciousness and violence, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of the press in Hong Kong attended the reception and raised a cup with the guests to wish the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China.
Reporter learned from the xining municipal committee's propaganda department that xining city will implement the xining civilization act from October 1, focusing on pedestrians who do not follow traffic lights and throw objects from buildings. 15 uncivilized behaviors, make a list of key governance and set penalties accordingly.
Wang Shengbin, Vice Minister of publicity department of the xining city committee and head of civilization bureau of civilization, said that since xining was awarded the title of civilized city in 2017, civilization and ethical levels of
However, pedestrians cross the road, run red lights, non-motor vehicles do not follow traffic lights; High-air parabs, window parabs; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and letting go urination, are still prominent and easy to rebounce back. Need to be resolved asap.
The regulations combine xining practice, from public places, public order, public facilities, public sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized internet, building civilized campus, promote civilized family construction, perform public duties, commemorate hero martyrs on the side, there are more comprehensive and higher standards of civilized codes of conduct for individuals and units, making the whole community understand what to " can be done " advocated " and " what is banned
" enact regulations to eliminate blind spots and misconceptions in the field of civilized behavior, and provide comprehensive norms on citizen s' behaviors, home ownership, dining, travel, education, Tourism, internet, green life, weddings, wedding ceremony, etc. Will create a mass spiritual civilization in xining city normalization of work provides strong rule of law guarantee. PM
Xining City's Congress Standing Committee Secretary-general qiu huaijun said.
Beijing Subway Line 1, line 2 AND ROUTE 7 will be delayed tonight - China news network
NEW BEIJING NEWS (reporter pei jianfei) this afternoon (September 27), BEIJING METRO Corporation issued a circular saying that line 1, 2, between September 27 to October 7 LINE AND ROUTE 7 Extension of last bus operation dates will be adjusted.
During the delay, METRO LINES 1 AND 2 will last until early the morning of the next day, with an average of 10 minutes.
The operation hours of route 1 is extended by 64 to east by 61 minutes, east to west. The last bus departing hours along the route will be after 00:30 the next day; inner ring the operation was extended for 81 minutes, and the outer ring extended for 95 minutes. The last bus departing hours of each station along the next day after 0:20, the front gate station will open the last bus at 00:50 the next day.
Metro Line 7 Beijing West Station (bound to coking factory station) the departure time extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, the last bus departure time for the coking factory station (heading to Beijing) extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist car keys fell into lake. Family trapped in France for five days
A couple in Wales, England, took two children to France for a holiday, accidentally dropped car keys into the lake, and the whole family was forced to wait five days to get the new key made by the automaker. PM
The couple then left France with their children.
On September 16 local time, the daughter accidentally knocked a leather bag and the car keys fell into the lake while visiting a lake in France on September 16 local time.
But it took them hours and couldn't find the key.
And all their carry items and cash were locked in the car.
Despite British tourists buying insurance before departure, insurers refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a repairs and then re-order the keys from the automaker.
A few days later, British tourists finally got the key to make, before the couple left France with their children.
And their scheduled journey was forced to cancel due to the loss of car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially released tourist visas to 49 countries including China
(Dubai 27th) from now on, Saudi Arabia has officially opened tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi Rials (about 836 rmb).
Tourists need to prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi territory and provide an address in Saudi territory to apply.
Tourists can apply for landing signing at the airport after landing, or apply for e-signing via visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, Electronic Signatures are multiple entry in a year, allowing tourists to stay up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because it never issued tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has pushed forward the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad Bin Salman, aimed at reducing the country's long-term reliance on oil, opening tourism and developing tourism is important component.
Belarus Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liasenko makes a working visit to Vietnam's hingan province.
During the meeting, Xingan Provincial Committee Secretary Du Jung highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarus in xingan province.
Maz Asia Automotive Production and installation plant is an important development step in cooperation between the two countries, helping to promote cooperation between xingan province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Xingan Provincial Committee Secretary Du Jingan province has always created convenience for Belarus businesses that invest in the province, and hopes that in the future, Belarus will take more powerful measures to encourage belarus businesses to be adopted in the future. Xingan Province and Vietnam invested to assist in training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liasenko thanked xingan province for the recent convenience of Belarus businesses to carry out production and operations.
It is hoped that xingan province will continue to provide convenience for Belarus businesses.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liasenko attended the completion ceremony of the Maz Asia Auto Production and installation plant.
Pilot informing the commitment system in areas such as low-risk varieties of food production licenses, devolving foreign business representatives to the free trade zone
On the 27th, the shanghai municipal market regulator and the government of pudong new district signed a working memo to launch 20 market regulation reform measures, some of which are among the first pilot nationwide.
According to the introduction, the pledge means that the executive authorities inform the applicants in writing about the conditions and regulations and requirements of the law and regulations when dealing with the registration matters.
After the applicants sign the promise, the executive can handle it directly.
According to the memo, the shanghai market regulator will support the pudong new district and Shanghai Self-trade trial zone in three areas such as registration of business name registration, simple process, low-risk varieties of food production licenses, partial metering equipment type approval. to make business access more convenient.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng food co. Ltd became the first company to enjoy pilot bonus by notifying the promise.
The head of the business said that food permits can also be obtained on the spot, and it also adopted the " lack of accepting acceptance " approach, which is, allowing businesses to submit parts of the material in accordance with the deadline agreed in the letter of the promise, " really felt the convenience pm
Shanghai market regulator said that the implementation of the commitment to food production licenses is the first pilot nationwide.
After the reform, the approval session was compressed from the previous " Registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material review, approval certificate " to " Registration, acceptance, approval certification the time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to the spot.
Taking into account the high exterior of pudong's economy, the shanghai market regulator delegated the registration authority of foreign (Regional) Enterprises to the shanghai self-trade zone, convenient for businesses to process near.
Statistics show that the devolution of authority involved a total of 1592 Permanent Representatives in the shanghai ftz, of which 99 of them have been dealt with the new rules.
Small survey of "eleven" long holiday consumption: Choosing more diverse travel tops.
The long national day is approaching, and people's holiday plans are gradually finalised.
The Securities Daily reporter recently launched a small survey on the " eleventh " holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. Nearly 20 feedback showed that although everyone's plans vary, " Travel + consumption " became the 20th " Holiday Keyword.
Specifically, in the feedback received from the securities daily reporter, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in tianjin, said that " during the ' eleven ' period, Disney is the first stop and then go around the surrounding cities said that Ms. Li's family chose to visit our country's Taiwan tour, " a family of three members set out on September 28th, planning a 28-day tour around the island miss ma in chongqing planned an outbound trip, the destination is Singapore; and Mr. Zhang family of hebei chose self-driving trip, he said, " my daughter is less than two years old and it is not convenient to travel abroad. She plans to drive to shandong for a few days by the sea
The trend of residents travelling and excursions for the national day golden week 2019, which was released recently published by the same journey and the same journey, shows that the trend of the national day golden week, the trend of spending in the three subdivision of the national day golden week.
The penetration rate of airplanes and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation
On September 23, the U.S. group released a report on the 2019 National day tourism consumption trends show that tourism consumption continues to be booming, and shows the trend of " eat and play
More young people travelling in favor of high quality, featured experiences, cultural tourism, night travel, etc.
In addition to tourism, various consumer demand is also released centrally during " eleven
Mr. Wang, who lives in chengdu, told the reporter of the securities daily that the main plan for 'eleven' this year is to buy a car. PM
Staff of a car brand 4 s shop in Beijing told reporters of the securities daily that in general, September, October is known as the golden period for car sales.
The store will launch a lot of activities such as raffle raffle, to shop and so on.
In addition, a number of brands have launched new models recently. It is expected that the new product will boost sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of upgraduation, people pay more attention to spiritual demand satisfaction, and the proportion of services such as culture, education, etc.
" since the birth of the child, culture, education consumption has become the big head of household spending, says ms du, who lives in Beijing.
This year's ' eleven ' was full, going to ' Planetarium, children's theatre, had a few families to camping tents at the elk museum over the weekend, and some trial classes were scheduled. PM
Some industry insiders said that in theory, the evolution of residents's consumption escalation is the evolution of living consumption to developmental consumption and enjoyable consumption, a significant portion of the enjoyment consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of our country's economy and the income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to spiritual consumption demand, tourism and travel is a good way.
In particular, catching up with the "eleventh" National Day Holiday, with more time, people are more willing to travel and spending, which can satisfy the spiritual consumer needs, but also a reflection of the escalation of residents.
The afternoon started loneliness and reluctant to go out, still haven't adjust the status of the children not around.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana: Mom takes you out.
I wrote down a few things to do when going out, the character of type a blood are getting stronger and stronger, I feel very strange.
Take suit, Buy Nutritious Grain, pay, sashimi, Nana snacks.
These are the reasons to go out.
On the phone, I just finished talking to my sister love rose thanks to Nana, otherwise there will be no excuse to buy snacks.
There laughed a few perfunctionally, saying the child came to the phone and died.
Nana jumped onto the assistant seat, she knew she was car sick, panic and was not willing to accompany me.
It's rare that husband boo is back early.
Marvelous Salmon Salmon Salmon made delicious salad, then went to the bedroom to bed watching TV.
Take a glimpse of the wall, just 7 o'clock, sunrise country sunset early and the sky is already dark.
The Circle of friends are inventing the month. It turns out that today is mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends, left half for boo, and the rest was placed in the little flower bowl of my favourite to see the moon.
Sitting on the floor with Nana, I ate grapes she ate leather, and I spit the grape seeds hard.
The Moon is hidden in the clouds, fortunately, the clouds are walking, the moon flashes, and it is a bit stunning.
There are various poems about the bright moon, but I only clearly like this sentence: every three-five years, I will be reunite / full of qinglight protection of Jade Column / sky.
Maybe we have given too much emotions in the moon, for me now, in fact, that sentence of God belongs to God, Caesar is the best.
Moonlight is back to the moon, your emotions are yours.
After eating grapes, this cold moon is chilly.
The Nana squad snore at their feet, stood up and laid nana's little blanket on the side of her little house, with nana lying happily.
Open the door and shout: is the bath water ready?
I can't see the moon from the window of the bathroom, I can only feel the moon, turn off the lights in the bathroom, and open the glass.
Didn't eat mooncakes, nor drink.
Mascots released at Dubai World Expo 2020
Mascot Launch ceremony of the Dubai World Expo 2020 was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot consists of 6 Cartoon Images, including two emirates children, 3 flying robots and an emirates tree pastoral beans.
The Press Conference introduced 6 Mascots to viewers by playing video clips.
9-Year-old boy rasheed and 8-old girl lafi are brothers and sister, representing the people of the united Arab Emirates.
3 ROBOTS CORRESPOND TO THE 3 Sub-themes of the expo, blue robots represent " Mobility Green robots represent " sustainability and yellow robots represent " opportunity
An ancient beans tree named " Salama is the " old grandmother " of 5 " little ones symbolizing the ancestors that guarded the land.
Mascots can strengthen emotional links between large events and participants, " it is believed that the mascot of the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling and show the creativity of indigenous talent and express our ambitions. and expect
United Arab Emirates Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chiefs Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, minister of state for international cooperation and director of Dubai, director of Dubai World Expo, among others attended the launch ceremony pm
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20 to April 2021, 2020, 10, with the theme " communicate ideas and create the future
This will be the first time the world expo will be held in the middle east.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate based on their college gradu
Recently, the anabin database, which is responsible for evaluating foreign education abroad, announced on the official website: starting from 2020, Chinese High School graduates can apply directly to German University graduates based on their college graduate results, without having to register at domestic universities. PM
Before this, Chinese High School graduates want to apply for German University, they need to study a semester (211,985 University) or three semester (GENERAL UNDERGRADUATE) in the country and pass aps review or testas exam.
The release of the new rules may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new rules will come into effect in the second half of 2019
Applicants need to satisfy: completing 12 years of formal education, get a high school diploma; take the exam, college entrance examination, and 70 % and more of the total score (if the total score of 750 points) above) and it contains requirements for two language achievement as well as one mathematics or natural science.
In addition, specific professional requirements for college entrance examination results vary.
For example, apply for medical, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmaceuticology, pharmacy, etc. 80 % marks must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, Biology, or participate in science, or take part in the general; apply for a legal profession, 80 % for higher education exam scores, and the subjects must include at least two subjects in foreign language, history, geography, or participate in the full text.
According to incomplete statistics, there are currently several countries including Germany, Britain, Canada, Australia and other countries that have recognized the Chinese college entrance examination results.
Take the UK as an example, universities such as Cambridge, Birmingham University and Leicester University are accepting applications from Chinese students based on their results.
Military "robotic dog" takes a performance class sun troupe: consider including the performance lineup.
The U.S. army funded "robotic dog" for battlefield, may now be on the circus stage!
The Circus said it was in touch with Boston Dynamics, who developed roboston dynamics, to discuss the possibility of robots to apply to circus performances.
Comprehensive Foreign Media report, Boston Dynamics Inc. Released a "Quadruple-foot robot spot" on the 24th which shows spot is an agile mobile robot that can carry 14 kilograms and has a highly adapted to cross-Country Terrain. Mobility, 360 degree barrier, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, spot has an exclusive software platform that is specially developed exclusively for spot, and users can set spot robot features via various apps.
Boston Dynamics Inc. First released the idea of robot dog in 1992, causing a sensational, but hasn't really put into commercial applications so far.
However, Boston Dynamics Inc noted that spot is now entering the production phase, with mostly construction and energy producers.
In addition, circus is currently in touch with Boston Dynamics Technology, circus said the project is still in the conceiving phase and is assessing the potential of spot to use on the show.
State Council news office releases white paper on new era China and the world
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China, the State Council Press Office issued a white paper on the new era of China and
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the State Council Press Office, said XU Lin, said that the white paper centered around "where does china come from and where does china push to build" how does china get along with the world China's development achievements, path of development, development, and in depth explains China's relationship with the world in order to enhance international understanding and understanding of China's development.
The White paper noted that in 70 years, under the leadership of the communist party of China, China has undergone transformations, creating miracles of development unprecedented in human history, especially since the 70th Congress, China's development has made historic achievements and historic changes.
The White paper, through a lot of data and facts, describes China's tremendous achievements, significance and world contributions over the past 70 years.
The White paper pointed out that China has spent decades to go through the development process of developed countries for centuries. The total economy jumped the second in the world. Nearly 1400 billion people have freed from material shortages and reached a well-being level overall and enjoy unprecedented dignity and rights.
The White paper stresses that for 70 years, the Chinese people have created a new world, self-reliant, struggling hard work. For 70 years, China has developed, embraced the world, learning the world, and contribute to the world; 70 over the years, China has contributed to world peace while achieving its self-development and has injecting momentum to common development.
The White paper points out that China's success in 70 years is that under the leadership of the communist party of China, the Chinese people have found the right path of development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and are determined to go along this path.
The White paper stresses that the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from its own national conditions, a road that puts people's interests first, is a road to reform and innovation, and a common development in openness. The road is a road to rule the country fully according to law.
This path of development in China, consistent with China's national conditions and adapting to the requirements of the times, will show a bright future as the times progresses.
In response to the international community's concerns about China's development, the white paper stresses that achieving prosperity, National Rejuvenation and happiness of the people are both the Chinese people's dream as well as the common dream of all peoples.
The White paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, opening up more opportunities for the development of countries, China offers more public goods to the international community, China's development provides experience and lessons for other developing countries, China is absolutely. Don't take the path of "National Power"
In the face of an era of " What's up to the world, what about humanity the white paper points out that today's world is undergoing a major change in a century and that human society is filled with hope and challenges.
China proposes to build a human destiny community, open up a new path to win-win-win-building and common development, offering new options for human development.
The White paper calls on all countries to unite in building new international relations, promote a new economic globalization, safeguard the united nations as its core international system, promote civilized exchanges and mutual lessons, jointly promote the construction of a community of human destiny and build a better world.
With China's growing development, the international community is widely concerned about how developing China can get along with the world.
The White paper points out that China's development is inseparable from the world, the peaceful development and prosperity and stability of the world.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinates of human development, insists on cooperation and win-win-development, common development, upholding and promoting economic globalization, actively developing global partnership, firmly supports multicism, upholding international fair and justice, and promote common construction of the road high quality development, active participation in leading the reform and building of the global governance system, always be a builder of world peace, contributor to global development and defenders of the international order.
Currently, China's development is entering a new era.
The White paper points out that in a new era of China's determination to take the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change. The determination to learn from each other countries to learn from each other countries and win-win-win-win-win will not change, and the determination to
The White paper concludes by stating that in today's world, the future of nations has never been so closely connected.
The White paper on the new era of China and the world, composed of preamble, body and final remarks, has more than 29 million words.
The White paper is published in 8 languages, Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, West, ah, Japanese, etc. It is published separately by people's publishing and foreign language publishers and published at xinhua bookstores nationwide.
Is ma hua in the by-election in denvelvet, JOHOR?
Chairman of ma hua, datuk Sri Wei Jiaxiang: " The Supreme Council of the national front to discuss! PM
With the by-election of tanjp, the national front-election is drawing attention to whether mahua members of the national front party is in the traditional country.
However, after the meeting of the Malaysian Central Committee, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the national front to decide whether this traditional seat of ma hua will continue to be transferred to mahua or be replaced by other member parties.
After hosting the central committee meeting of Malaysia, wei jiaxiang told the media on Thursday afternoon that any by-election, the national front will be held in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, after meeting of the National Front Supreme Council of the national front.
He said the National Front Supreme Council meeting is expected to be held in early October, as the comelec will meet until next Monday (1).
" yesterday (26th) morning, I also met the chairman of the national front, datuk Sri Amuzashi, and we all agree that we must regain this seat from the league of hope. PM
" we are scheduled to hold a special national front leader s' meeting in early October, where the three-party leader will determine which member party will be in. PM
Asked if ma hua will insist on the traditional seat to the Supreme Council of the national front, wei jiaxiang reiterated that as president of mahua, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures and therefore any decision must be reached consensus.
" in any by-election, it is common for people who are willing to go out, there are political parties, and somehow they should come out. PM
" most importantly, what organization and political alliances are we from?"
" this is a big test of our political alliance over the years, and we believe that the national front has come along the way with some valuable values. PM
" in the process, someone might say something, and that's no surprise."
" but once the Supreme Council of the national front has made a decision, everyone must prepare for war, that is the most valuable. PM
In any case, Mr Wei Jiaxiang said that ma wah will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming danwoo by-election with three levels, the District Council, the state joint committee and central government.
" The District Council will be led by (Danvelvee) Chairman datuk, datuk, and the state joint committee will be led by Dato Lin peixing, acting chairman of the johor. Acting President Dato Mahanshun and General Secretary Datuk Zhang Sheng-Sheng-sang personally deployed. PM
Last Saturday (21), indigenous unity party (21), Aboriginal unity party congressman datuk Mohammad Fari died at a government hospital, aged 42 due to heart problems.
A villager in baokang county, hubei was ordered to "volunteer to patrol mountains"
A villager in baokang county, hubei was sentenced for hunting wildlife, and ordered him to compensate the cost of 15420 Yuan (rmb, below).
Due to the impoverishment of the accused's family, the prosecutor's office has introduced alternative labor to compensate the cost of ecological restoration, achieving organic unity of legal and social
Wang Zhongliang, Deputy Attorney General of the baokang county prosecutor's office, introduced on the 27th that through alternative labor such as " voluntary mountain patrol the accused Zhou has established a deep relationship with wild macaques, and has been concerned with previous animal hunting behavior. I feel deeply remorse.
On June 21 this year, the baokang county prosecutor's office filed a criminal case attached civil public welfare lawsuit in the area of eco-resources, which was heard in the county court and sentenced in court.
The Defendant Zhou was sentenced to 3 years in prison, probation for 4 years and a fine of 3000 Yuan, while ordering him to compensate the cost of repairing ecological resources.
After investigation, Zhou has erected power grid on the cliffs since late January 2014, hunting more than 20 Wildlife, including impala, little suede, and so on.
The Impala belongs to the National Level Endangered Wildlife Conservation, small suede and mao deer are included in the National Land Wildlife Conservation List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his wrongful facts and actions and was willing to take on civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of a certain home, under the coordination of baokang county prosecutor's office, the local village committee, Lin station and zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: that is to protect the village macaques the district carried out macaques tame care work, volunteer mountain patrol and forest protection for a year, and provide public service to cover the cost of ecological restoration.
In response to the prosecutor's suggestion, the court endorsed that Zhou's probation was actively fulfilling the obligation to " alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs
At Present, Zhou has been volunteering at the macaque sanctuary for 3 months, and he is active in the mountain tour.
In recent years, the baokang county prosecutor's office has put the organic integration of procuratorial functions and social governance behavior, scientific methods such as surveillance, investigation supervision, and judicial means to minimize damage caused by criminal acts to the ecosystem.
The United Nations Awards Earth Guardian award for "Ant Forest"
Amid the big applause and grand music, xu di, head of the ant forest "Ant Forest" project, and User Representative Shen Jun Liang walked to the podium and received the 2019 trophy from the host.
The " Ant Forest " project that drives millions of people to participate in environmental action " was held in New York, United States on the 26th in New York, USA.
A week ago, the united nations environment programme announced the winners list at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya's capital, but those attending the award ceremony are still struggling.
The "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that allows millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and environmental challenges facing humanity, said in an interview with xinhua news agency. What humans can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment, allowing every individual to participate in protecting the planet, which will have a huge impact.
" Ant Forest " was launched by the china ant financial services group (Ant Gold Suit) in August 2016 on the paypal platform. Users pay low-Carbon by recording their daily travel in their daily life in the " Ant forest action accumulates " Green energy " and " plant trees " on mobile phones.
Every virtual tree a user develops, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in a deserted region.
As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users have accumulated carbon emissions by 7920 million tonnes and 122 million trees planted in the desert areas.
Costa Rica won the national environmental effort in the day, Costa Rica, who came to receive the award for National Environmental protection efforts, Carlos Alvarado, paid tribute to the " Ant Forest " on the scene. Contribution, " impressive to inspire so many people to participate in green action
The " Earth Guard Award " is a recognition of the ant forest " project, says ant gold suit chairman and CEO.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life, an honor belongs to all participants.
The " Ant Forest " has affected 500 billion people over the past 3 years and the goal of " Ant Forest " in the next 3 years is to engage 1000 billion people around the world in low-carbon operations.
While fighting against deserts and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how farmer s' income comes more from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing jobs through planting trees, we also hope to help farmers achieve increased income through agricultural product development projects, e-commerce platforms, etc.
The " Ant Forest " public welfare model based on digital technology " also successfully sailed to sea and has been drawn from other countries.
In June, the Philippines's largest " E-wallet " gcash launched the Philippine version of " Ant Forest " to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-Carbon living.
According to the introduction, gcash will work with the Philippine Department of environment and natural resources, environmental welfare organizations, etc, and so on planting 365 million trees in the Philippines within one year of the start of the project.
The Earth Guardian award is the highest award of the united nations in the field of environmental protection, which is awarded once a year.
The Award for " Ant Forest " is the third consecutive year of incentive year after the green innovation project from China's sehan dam forest farm builder, China's Zhejiang Province, China's Zhejiang Province. " Awards.
Economic and trade friction affects the U.S. economy "gradsheet".
The U.S. economy's economic "Scorecard" showed a significant slowdown in GDP growth compared to last quarter, affected by a sharp decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts point out that economic and economic friction and the uncertainties it brings were the main cause of private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The Final correction data released by the U.S. Department of commerce on the 26th shows that U.S. GDP grew by 2 % in the second quarter, which is on the same as previously announced, but significantly lower than 3.1 % in the first quarter. PM
Data shows that consumption growth became a major factor supporting U.S. economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption spending, which accounts for about 70 % of the total U.S. economy, Rose by 4.6 percent in the quarter, driving the economy by 3.03 percent.
In addition, government spending and investment boost economic growth by 0.82 percent.
However, private-sector investment fell 6.3 % in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter, dragged the economic growth of 1.16 percent in the quarter; exports fell by 5.7 % compared to the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down 0.68 percent in the economic growth in the quarter
Barry Knapp, managing partner at eenside, says private sector investment has not only failed to maintain the momentum of growth last year, but has seen a dramatic decline as economic friction and uncertainty on business confidence hit.
U.S. corporate capital spending is expected to remain on a downturn next year due to policy uncertainty.
Analysts believe that while consumption growth has shaped strong support for the U.S. economy in the second quarter, there are growing signs that economic friction and economic friction and the uncertainties that it brings have affected consumer confidence and constitute the U.S. consumption prospects adverse effects.
Richard Curtin, head of economics at the university of Michigan, said recently that in a recent survey, 38 % of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the U.S. economy, a year. New high in half.
Analysts widely believe that the U.S. economy will continue to slow down in the future.
But experts also say the performance of both the U.S. industrial sector and financial markets will improve if economic and economic friction is eased.
British Economist Karen Burch, a global economist, expects that the U.S. economy will continue this year's downward trend since this year, with growth will fall to lower than in the second quarter.
Moody analysis chief economist mark zandi predicts that the U.S. economy will grow at 2.3 % this year, assuming economic friction will be 2.3 % this year and will slow to 1.6 % next year
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of patnam investment corporation, said the biggest concern for businesses is economic and economic and the uncertainty they bring. If economic and trade disputes are resolved, the uncertainty will dramatically reduce the performance of the industrial sector than it is now much better.
Miller-Tabak Asset Management Company Stock Strategist Matt Merry said that economic and trade friction remains a "top issue" and the main cause of the sharp volatility in the U.S. Capital Market this year. Whether the economic and trade friction will be the impact the key to the U.S. Capital Market moves for the rest of the year.
Ningxia's first couple joint parental leave for 0 TO 3 years old parents can take 10 days per year.
Protecting Women's legitimate rights and interests is a reflection of respect and protection of human rights, and an important sign of the progress of social civilization
On September 27, at the 27th meeting of the ningxia hui autonomous region's Congress standing committee, the law on the protection of women's rights and interests in Ningxia Hui Autonomous region was passed.
This is the first local regulations issued by Ningxia Province to protect women's legal rights and will be formally implemented from November 1, 2019
It is understood that the regulations adopted this time were re-revised based on the implementation of the measures of the people's Republic of China law on the protection of the rights of women in ningxia in 2007, divided into 9 chapters, including general rules, political rights, cultural and educational rights, labour and social security rights, property rights, Personal Rights, marriage and family rights, legal liability, bylaws.
In the regulations, Ningxia encourages exploring common parental leave for couples, which is the first in the country.
In April this year, the state council office issued the guidance on promoting the development of child care services for under-3 years of childcare services.
In the process of amending the regulations, Ningxia proposed that " encourage employers to give days of common parental leave each year for couples who have children in accordance with the law and regulations
Meanwhile, the regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and protection of Female Minors.
Article 43 of the ordinance incorporates the latest legislative results in the current civil code of China's civil code, refining the composition of sexual harassment, subjects and mechanisms for anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Section 44 of the ordinance expressly prohibits widespread sexual assaults of girls and requires educational institutions to conduct related education, protection and prevention efforts to become a new standard for protecting girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and dispose of common property, article 35 of the ordinance clearly sets out women's right to know about common property and obligations of property registration bodies and related subjects, providing solid system support for women's rights.
In addition, in response to social hotspots - gender discrimination in employment, section 26 of the ordinance not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the ban on indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest joint interview experience to enhance disciplinary penalties for gender discrimination violations to defend women's legitimate rights more vigorously.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Union Department of public prosecutions and civil affairs and other departments have been promoting and introducing professional forces to participate in marriage and family disputes mediation and anti-domestic violence.
The ordinance summarizes and improve this, in a number of laws encourage mobilizing social strength, gather social resources to defend women's rights and interests, and asks people's governments at the county level to provide stable, institutionalized protection and support through buying services.
Salt and alkaline rice in inner Mongolia's Xingan Association, Yuan longping academician workstation.
Reporter learned on the 27th from the xingan union administration office of the inner mongolia autonomous region that the "on-site inspection meeting on-site testing and inspection of salt-Alkaline Rice" held by xingan academician s', which was held by the union recently. Rice produced an average mu of rice exceeded kilograms.
A group of 6 experts from heilongjiang provincial Agriculture Academy of Agriculture, yangzhou university and Hunan Province Agriculture Department, Hunan Province, sampling the "Xingsalt Series" rice on site.
After expert assessment, Salt-resistant rice yields 508.8 kilograms of 6 Kilograms in land with ph values 8.8 to 9.6 and salt content is 5 per thousand.
Wang Shigang, executive station chief of the xinganlong ping, said: " our next step is the next step on the basis of this year's trial, and reform, and reform to cultivate and optimize salt-resistant rice varieties again to make better quality., higher production. PM
The Chairman of the production experts group, Vice President of the heilongjiang provincial Agriculture Academy of agriculture and researcher, said: " under the premise of production factors remain unchanged, I think that the technology will continue to be stepped up, Salt-resistant rice will continue in salt alkaline land miracles happen on it. PM
Xingan Union belongs to a special hardship area in lingnan lingnan foothills.
In October 2018, Yuan longping's work station unveiled at xingan union.
Academician Yuan longping led the expert team to speed up the introduction of the newly cultivated "Salt-Alkaline Hybrid Rice" variety and advanced technology to build a 960-Acre Salt-resistant rice base at corqin right wing, using side test demonstration. promoted technology routes that boost local poor people to increase production and income and get rid of poverty.
This on-site testing of salt-Resistant Alkaline Rice, not only provides a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline and alkaline rice cultivation under equal conditions in xingan union.
After marathon debate and weeks of protests, the new state passed the abortion act was passed in Australia on September 26, according to Australian network.
The Bill has reportedly sparked political debate over the last 8 weeks, with serious divisions within the liberal party since independent mp Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill.
After nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian State Senate passed the abortion bill by 26 to 14 late 25, making it the third longest bill in the new state Senate to be considered. PM
On the morning of 26th, legalize abortion in new state after a final vote in the new state house of representatives.
The Act allows a woman to terminate pregnancy during 22 weeks of pregnancy and also allows women to abort later in the pregnancy if two doctors agree.
The Senate passed an amendment late on the evening of the 25th that doctors can seek advice from the hospital advisory board multidisciplinary team before undergoing abortion surgery for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate included that doctors must provide proper care for babies who survived after terminating pregnancy.
Before, new state governor berry giklin had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill, who had intervened several times to win more debate time for the bill, but she was not present at the end vote.
Berry Gicklin defends his absentia vote: " I need to spend time running the whole new state. PM
Australian Liberal MP Davis was reportedly the strongest opponent to the abortion act, who threatened to quit the new state government, saying the bill sparked a " government crisis
But Then Davis gave in.
Davis said: " the amendment to the abortion bill submitted to the house on the morning of the morning of the 26th actually provide more protection for women, doctors pm
Meanwhile, NP leader Barry laro says he is proud to be part of the government that legalize abortion.
" what we made last night was historic for the new state, which legalized abortion, abortion is no longer a criminal act, nor treating women who abortion as criminals. PM
The Trinity Group's major project has landed in zhuzhou.
Total Investment of 15000 Billion Yuan, focusing on developing oil smart equipment, smart steel industry.
Today, the zhou municipal people's government held a project signing ceremony with Trinity group.
Sanyi group invested 15000 billion yuan in Zhou to develop smart steel industry, oil smart equipment and regional r & D Center (headquarters base), engineering machinery used car market, estimated to surpass 200000 billion yuan. PM
A total investment of 10000 Billion Yuan, Trinity Smart Steel Industry project will focus on building into the largest steel and product trading center in the province and Central Province, and it is also the smart manufacturing processing center for metal structure parts; total investment 5000 the project of oil smart equipment and regional r & D (headquarters base) has landed in clear reservoirs, which will focus on building oil smart equipment production base, building regional r & d centers and headquarters base.
At the same time, sanyi group will also build a second-hand car market for engineering machinery in zhuzhou high new district, and practical cooperation in smart manufacturing.
Zhuzhou city attaches great importance to cooperation with Trinity group.
The City listed the cooperation project as the "no. Project" to attract investment in the city this year. City committee secretary mao teng fei and mayor yangwei, LED by setting up a special coordination group, high-Efficiency Docking, high-level advance, the whole process of Zhou development. Providing quality and efficient services, from intentional contact to formal signing of cooperation agreements, less than 100 days.
Finance Minister Liu Kun: 67 central companies and financial institutions have transferred 860100 billion yuan to enrich the social security fund.
Finance Minister Liu kun said on the 27th that as of now, 67 Central Enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enriching the social security fund, with a total amount of about 860100 billion yuan.
Liu kun made this statement at a national transfer meeting on that day by the ministry of finance, the ministry of human resources social security and the state-owned capital enrichment fund.
" the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important step to reform and improve the basic pension insurance system. It is a full reflection of the universal sharing of the results of the development of State-owned enterprises and basic pension insurance system. It is a policy based on the current and long-term policy measures. PM
In 2017, the state department issued " transfer of some state-owned capital enriching the social security fund implementation program, calling for the selection of selected central enterprises and some provinces to conduct pilot.
According to liu kun, the work of rotation has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 Central Enterprises and central financial institutions have been completed, with a total amount of about 860100 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions carried out by the ministry of finance has basically completed.
Central business rotation has taken on a certain scale.
At the local level, the work of enterprise's pre-shift has been carried out one after another.
As of the end of 2018, the pilot work in zhejiang and yunnan provinces was basically completed. The transfer of state capital of 15800 billion yuan and 18500 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces also carried out pre-rotation preparations, laying the groundwork for the next step forward.
According to the ministry of finance, the ministry of human resources social security, the state asset commission, the general of taxation and the sfc issued a joint notice, the central and local transfer of some of the state-owned capital to enriching the social security fund was fully launched in 2019 basically done before the end of the year.
The meeting held on that day made specific deployments for the full push of the rotation.
The meeting stressed the need to accomplish the transfer work pragmatic and efficiently.
" according to the schedule, the transfer work will be basically completed by the end of 2020
Shifting working hours and heavy tasks. PM
Liu kun said that all regions and departments should organize carefully and carefully arrange carefully to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; advance the work firmly, grasp the contents of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The State-owned investment transfer enriching social security fund - starting from the starting point of " enriching social security fund money bag the destination is to provide strong support for pension security.
However, the writer believes that this is not a simple " physical shift " of equity, but the " Mathematical addition
On September 20, the ministry of finance, ministry of human and social affairs, the state affairs commission, the administration of taxation and the sfc jointly issued the circular on the full push of some state-owned capital to enrich the work of the social security fund. The Fund schedule, the central and local transfer of parts of State-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, was fully rolled in 2019
After the documents were released, departments such as the ministry of finance were implemented quickly.
On September 25, the ministry of finance transferred 10 % of the shares of icbc and agricultural bank to the social security fund, with a total value of over 115000 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the social security foundation and other undertakings as financial investors, enjoy the right to gain, disposition and the right to be informed of State-owned shares.
Icbc and agriculture bank said in the announcement that this change in equity will not lead to changes in its holding shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the writer believes that similar state-owned equity transfer is not a simple change to ownership, but a "addition operation" that can inspire a series of effects.
The first step of the "added result" of the transfer of some state capitals to social security, naturally can embody the national ownership of State-owned enterprises and the development results shared by all.
After years of reform and development, State-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in our economy, with strong profitability and stable.
Among them, the leading companies are constantly realizing the best and bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the State Council's standing meeting decided that this year, it will launch the state-owned capital to enrich the work of the social security fund.
The Ministry of finance immediately said, in collaboration with the relevant departments, according to the deployment of the state council general meeting, it will make a comprehensive push to some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, fully reflect the intergenerational equity of the basic pension system and the development outcome of State-owned enterprises
The second step of "added results" is to enhance the sustainability of our country's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of old-Age Social Security System.
As the population aging, our country's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the national capital, as the subject of the transfer, have the ability to continue profitability and dividends effectively replenish the social security fund, but also provide the source of the social security fund.
Estimates Show that every 3.8 percent of State-owned capital can support a reduction in the deposit ratio of basic pension insurance for enterprises by 1 percent.
The third step of the "added result" is adding stabilizer to capital markets.
The way of this transfer to receive benefits is " dividends, and operate as auxiliary
The Social Security Fund, as financial investors in state-owned capital, really focuses on dividends.
However, the social security fund, as value investors in the capital market, has strong capital operational capacity.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, social security fund participation in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed companies, which will help improve the business level of business and have a positive impact on listed companies and capital markets.
At the same time, the social security fund, as an investment vane, the increase in its stake, helps to further strengthen its influence in the market and play a "Stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it also helps to fully utilize the "Value Discovery" function of agency investors, and guide investors to invest rational and value investment.
Karl Hartmann entered the leipzig school of music at age 18, after a teacher from weburn.
After Nazi took office, Hartman first resisted in the form of unpublished works in Germany, then even stopped creating.
In 1933, he created symphony miserae and dedicated the work to " my friends who have long sleep
In 1935, the symphony work premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman decided not to play any of his work under Nazi.
Hartman's funeral concerto was a violin and String Concerto, when the manuscript was stolen out of Germany and premiered in Switzerland.
Listen to bern interior orchestra funeral concerto at Beethoven Music Festival 2018
U.S. Senate approves scalia as secretary of labor - xinhua network
Xinhua News Agency, September 26 (reporter sun ding Deng Xian Lai) the U.S. Senate voted for President Trump's nomination for Eugene Scalia For Labor Secretary.
The votes were 53 in favour, 44 against, and no democrats voted for scalia.
Republicans believe scalia's resume makes him perfectly fit as labour minister.
But for Democrats, scalia has long stood against workers and unions throughout his legal career.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
Former Labor Secretary Acosta announced his resignation in July this july after alleged "Leniency" for allegedly sexually assaulting and trafficking of young girls.
Scalia, 56, is a partner of a prominent U.S. law firm whose father was the late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of labor is the cabinet-Level Department of the U.S. Federal Government, which is responsible for labour related matters, etc.
The White house also issued a statement on the same day that trump has nominated the acting director of the federal emergency measures agency Peter Gayer to officially lead the agency.
According to procedure, Gainer's nomination still needs to be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Department of Homeland Security, affiliates federal government resources to deal with emergencies such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks in the United States and follow-up.
Since National Day 35th anniversary parade debuted, every military parade is organized, a "Big Mac" of strategic missile force has emerged.
" this national day parade is the rocket force debuted changan street for the first time since ' Soldier ' to ' Army '. PM
Wang Bo, head of the rockets equipment team command team said.
The missile force is fully promoted, especially capable of fighting, especially capable of dedication, strict training, scientific group training and parade training, and parade training, showing a good strategic military image, and more attention to rigorous style.
In This parade training, both generals and soldiers, are strictly required, forging thrigid and forbidden style.
They also pay attention to promoting the Craftsman Spirit, grabbed every detail, practicing perseverance, practicing style, forming features such as "military position, quick action, bright answers" and continue to create a powerful missile with strict style. Focus on technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic military, the rocket force is a good tradition and advantages to speak technology and destroy new.
This military parade training, based on past experiences, they break the thinking, break through traditional methods, using advanced means of satellite positioning, laser range, HD imaging, real-time speed measurement, to improve training level and quality efficiency, and ensure the combination of human vehicles. It's not bad, the squad moves in seconds, even more docking to the actual standard.
The Rocket force is adhering to the same standard as the launch site, higher requirements, keep every checkpoint, keep every detail, so that the troops under quenched forces under quench, truly makes the national day parade become a training ground to enhance the combat strength of the troops. and the examination hall.
Iran confirmed to develop advanced centrifuge further suspension of implementation of Iran nuclear deal
China news network, September 27 the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centric machine to create enriched uranium, has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement.
Iran is reportedly violating the restrictions of the Iranian nuclear deal in response to U.S. President Trump's withdrawal from Iran nuclear deal in may 2018, reviving and tightening sanctions against Iran.
Iran has suspended two other promises in July to keep enriched uranium under 300 kilograms and no more than 3.67 % purity of enrity of enrified uranium, and now further moves now.
Under the nuclear deal, Iran can only set up about 5000 first generation IR-1 centrifuges in natanz to accumulate enriched uranium, and in addition, Iran to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but no enriched uranium is produced.
If Iran succeeds in developing more advanced centrifuge, it will be able to produce enriched uranium at several times faster speed, possibly for nuclear bomb.
" on September 25, the agency has confirmed that on September 25, the agency has confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuge of type 2, type 3... is accumulating or ready to accumulate enriched uranium... pm pm
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to member states on the 26th, and a diplomat responded: " they are busy at (natanz enriched uranium) facilities pm
Vietnam Investor & Entrepreneur Association officially unveiled.
Vkbia will work together to serve as a bridge to strengthen relations between Vietnam and South Korea, said the chairman of the Korean investors and Entrepreneur Association.
The two countries are striving for two-way trade to increase to $ 100000 billion by 2020
Mr. Chen hailing believes that the birth of the association is an important step towards achieving this goal.
He hopes that the Vietnamese party, the government and relevant korean functional agencies will assist the association in its future operation.
Vkbia, Vice Ambassador to South Korea, said vkbia will create a good platform for Vietnamese entrepreneurs to exchange and share experiences and ideas, with the aim of expanding the space for investment cooperation and help each other for Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economy career makes a more effective contribution to boost Vietnam-Korean trade relations to flourish.
During the debut ceremony, VKBIA REPRESENTATIVES signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam farms and agribusiness association.
Vkbia coincides with Vietnam and Korea commemorating the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership, and are strengthening practical cooperation in foreign affairs, defense, security and other fields, promoting trade and investment cooperation with the aim of achieving two-way trade in 2020 the $ 100000 billion goal was born in the background.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
The New Italian Government Cabinet Minister of education and five-Star Movement Member Lorenzo Fioramonti proposed a motion to parliament suggesting the Italian government against high sugar drinks, snacks and machines tickets implement a new tax policy.
According to a bill proposed by education minister fioramonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on food items such as sugar drinks, snacks, and also impose an environmental tax on airline tickets, domestic flights are charged  1 and  1.5 for international classes.
Fioramonti says the Italian government expects  3000 billion in taxes through this series of seemingly small tax measures.
The tax proceeds will be used in the fields of education, health and environmental protection.
In response to this, Italian Prime Minister Conte said he believes it is a viable solution; Italian mp, European Mps and union leader salvini tweeted that everyone please hurry up the dessert biscuits, bread and candy are all hidden as the new government is going to impose a snack tax.
The snack tax generally refers to a special tax on sugary drinks, high-calorie foods.
Imposing the tax helps to bring benefits to public health.
Late September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Ottawa held a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China.
China news, Ottawa, September 26 (reporter yu ruidong) New Chinese Ambassador to Canada, zhui wu, celebrates the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China in Ottawa on September 25 reception.
In his speech, xu peiwu said that in the 70 years since the establishment of new China, under the strong leadership of the communist party of China, under the joint efforts of the people of the Chinese characteristics of the Chinese characteristics has achieved remarkable achievements, not only deeply changed the face of China's face, and benefits. Their own people have also made profound worldwide significance.
Based on its own national situation, China has opened up a socialism path with Chinese characteristics, expanded the pathway for developing countries to modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to solving human problems.
Photo shows the guests who stops to watch the simultaneous new China's 70th anniversary theme exhibition.
China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made an important contribution to the promotion of world peace.
China adhere to an independent and autonomous foreign policy of peace, has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the five principles of peaceful coexistence. It is the builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
China's development offers new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, to benefit all peoples.
The development of sino-Canadian relations for nearly 50 years shows that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect can the two countries develop on the right track.
Instead, relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be compromised.
China-Canada relations are experiencing serious difficulties and the responsibility lies with China.
" the potatoes
Hope that the Canadian side will come up with a proper solution to the outstanding issues in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create the conditions for the two countries to get back on
Canadian government officials, Federal Senators, friendly people, ambassadors in Canada, and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese institutions and overseas students attended the reception.
The Chinese Embassy in Canada participated in the reception of the Chinese Embassy Diplomats such as chen mingjian, gong xiaojun
The reception held a photo exhibition on the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China, featuring promotional videos such as China 2019, " Beautiful China
Chinese-Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed a featurful arts and art program.
It was also the first time that shu peiwu, the 16th Chinese Ambassador to Canada, appeared at a public event.
Shu Peiwu arrived on September 22 and delivered a copy of the state letter to the next day in Ottawa to the chief protocol officer and minister of foreign affairs department of foreign affairs.
Bu Peiwu, born in may 1967, graduated from the diplomatic academy.
He was resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada early this century.
Before his trip to Canada, he served as director of North American Oceania of the Chinese Foreign Ministry, previously served as minister counsellor and minister of the Chinese Embassy in the UK.
Vietnam's Hanoi city strives to expand cooperation with various places in Laos
Mr. Ruan De Chung recalled the meaningful exchange of delegation visits between the two sides and confirmed that they helped nurture the special friendly relationship between President Ho Chi Minh and kaishan fengwehan expected.
Mr. Ruan De Chung hopes that ambassador tongshawan will continue to serve as a good bridge and bond for friendly relations between Hanoi and the rest of Laos, including vientiane.
Ambassador Tong Shawan said that laos learned and learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences and was impressed by the groundbreaking development achieved in Hanoi and Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tongshawan expressed appreciation to the Hanoi city government for its continued strong support and assistance to the activities of the laos embassy in Vietnam and believed that despite volatility of the global situation, the older relations will continue to grow well.
It is expected that Mr. Ruan De Chung will lead a working delegation from Hanoi on a working visit to vientiane capital of Laos in early 2020
From 2020, Hanoi city will be offering multiple scholarships to Laos University students who go to study at various higher education colleges in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and missions to asean hold a 70th anniversary reception.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese mission to asean hosted a reception to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China.
Indonesian trade minister luquita, minister of land and spatial planning sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary Kangfu and other guests attended the reception.
Indonesia friends from all walks, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, ASEAN Missions and international organizations in Indonesia, overseas Chinese Overseas Chinese, representatives of Chinese institutions and overseas students, "I and China" theme children's drawing award winners participated in more than 1000 people reception.
Chinese Ambassador TO INDONESIA XIAO QIAN AND AMBASSADOR TO ASEAN HUANG XI lian warmly welcomed guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia, Xiao Qin the ASEAN delegation, said that the birth of new China in 1949 opened a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from closed backward to opening up, from lack of clothes and food to a comprehensive well-being, from accumulation of weakness to prosperity and prosperity, the Chinese nation has taken a historic leap from standing up and wealth to strength.
Xiao Qin said that in recent years, sino-Indonesian relations have made a long development, political trust between the two countries have been increasing, practical cooperation continues to advance, exchanges in all areas have expanded, and the comprehensive strategic partnership between China and Indonesia has steadily
China-ASEAN relations continue to upgrade their quality, always insist on mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and strongly promote peace, stability and prosperity in the region.
Xiao Qin said that the development and changes in new China over the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have opened and developed the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the communist
This road is in line with the trend of the times, consistent with China's national conditions, deeply changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and makes a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a way to a strong country that is well-made a strong country. PM
Picture shows the theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China attracts guests to watch.
Xiao Qin said that China and Indonesia, and asean will always work together to promote the construction of a new international relationship, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, making new and greater contributions to the region, to the world.
Together, all the guests watched a wonderful video reflecting on new China's brilliant achievements in 70 and reflecting China-ASEAN relations.
Divided into " China's development achievements " Sino-Indonesia relations are steady and the three parts " China-ASEAN relations " received a warm applause.
The reception also arranged a "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China" to attract guests to watch.
Baidu's first autonomous taxi fleet opens trial run
Yesterday, baidu announced in changsha that the autonomous rental car robotaxi trial operation is officially open.
The first batch of 45 Apollo and a red flag ev " Robotaxi Team, developed in changsha section has been opened for trial operations in changsha section.
From now on, ordinary changsha citizens can apply to be a seed user on Apollo website and have a chance to try it.
One experiential passenger said he was sitting in the back of the vehicle, clicking on the screen in front of the passenger seat and opened the car's self-driving itinerary with one click
Inside the car, for the safety of passengers and current policy and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
In the process of driving, a vehicle can make smart change according to the road conditions, and it can also judge the traffic conditions of the surrounding vehicles, and make automatic avoidance to close overruns.
Throughout the journey, the passenger area screen shows real-time the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see the traffic light changes in advance and waiting time in advance. All traffic conditions are clear at a glance.
Drone heard of it before on TV, thought it was far away from us, but today it was amazing to find it was in our lives.
We expect it to truly enter the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by changsha city government.
At Present, the automatic driving test in changsha is open the road, passing through changsha city of artificial intelligence technology city, meixi lake, yang lake, dawang mountain, high-New District, with a total length of 135 kilometers, and the demonstration area reached 70 square kilometers at present, China's longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex covering scenes, and the most sophisticated car road synergy infrastructure.
It is expected that Apollo Robotaxi's trial operation road in changsha will cover about 50 kilometers by the end of 2019, with plans to cover the 135 km road currently open in changsha.
Women's volleyball win, lang ping still has a dissatisfaction: so many mistakes in the strong team, it will be
In the afternoon of Beijing time, China women's volleyball team welcomes the ninth game of the 2019 Women's volleyball world cup, opponent against the strong Dutch Women's volleyball, finally the Chinese women's volleyball 3:1 Victory over the Dutch Women's volleyball world cup pm
However, women's volleyball head coach lang ping still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's third round performance.
" in the third round, the opponent intensified the ball offensive, some of us (one pass) couldn't get down the ball, and we made a lot of mistakes. PM
" it's hard to play with the strong team. PM
Lang ping said in an interview after the game.
" we told the team to focus, once we were attacked was not in place, we had to fight well, and we had to fight against each other. PM
Lang ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying she had some difficulties in the offensive, she was more anxious and wanted to beat the ball to death, and her actions will transform.
May she be patient, " we all give her protection
China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and challenge for the world.
(New China 70) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity, not threats and challenges for the world.
The White Paper States that China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and challenge for the world.
The White paper says that with China's comprehensive national power and international influence rapidly rising, some people are worried that China will follow the path of "the nation's power of the nation's biba some have proposed the so-called" China Threat Theory
It comes from cognitive misconceptions, deep-rooted bias and psychological imbalance caused by power, and deliberate misrepresentation to defend your vested interests.
It is the dream of the Chinese people but also the common dream of all peoples.
" China's development is an opportunity, not a threat and challenge for the world. PM
The White paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, China is the biggest contributor to world economic growth, China's technological innovation injecting new momentum to world economic growth, and the role of stabilizer and power source of China's economy will be more prominent pm
At Present, world economic growth is not enough, and the sound Chinese economy is increasingly important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high quality development, new industrialization, informationization, urbanization, accelerating agriculture modernization, deep adjustment of economic structure, industrial optimization continues to upgrade, and new
" The Mckinsey Global Academy study suggests that by 2040, China and the rest of the rest of the world is expected to create between $ 220 trillion in economic value, equivalent to 15 of the global economy. 26 %-26 %, enhanced cooperation between other world economies and China will create huge economic value. PM
The White paper stresses that China's economy and the world economy has undergone structural changes and deep integration.
China, which runs more stable, higher quality of growth, and promising growth prospects are long-term good for world economic development.
It is neither feasible and harmful to see China's economic development as a " threat " and " challenge " to try to squeeze China out of global industrial chains, supply chains, value chains, and deconnect China from the world economy.
The White paper notes that opening up to the public creates more opportunities for countries to share " Chinese dividends
China is unwavering in pursuing a mutually beneficial and win-win opening strategy, achieving greater vigorous and higher levels of openness to the outside world, China has the most potential consumer market, China is the most attractive investment destination, and bigger "go out" to benefit more many countries.
" openness should be two-way, mutually beneficial, not one direction, and one side benefit.
Mutual benefit can only last long term. PM
The White paper said that China is committed to continually expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening intellectual property protection, other countries should expand its openness and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties move towards each other can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win-win development environment, and make the "cake" of development bigger and create a mutual benefit community of interests.
The White Paper States that China is offering more public goods to the international community.
Including promoting high quality co-building " Belt and road building a platform for dialogue and cooperation, active participation in international and regional affairs, and actively developing foreign assistance.
" China's development has benefited from the international community and has always forgotten to give back to the family of nations, providing more and better public goods to the international community. PM
Russia is willing to step up cooperation with China in the economic and economic and further optimize the structure of the export center, and promote Russia's export structure, in a recent written interview with xinhua news agency. China's exports are diversified.
Slipniov noted that in Russia's exports to China, mechanical manufacturing and chemical industries account for a significant percentage, while exports of agricultural products are important, including grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as well as valley species, fish, seafood, etc.
In recent years, Russian exports of non-Raw and non-energy products to China have also shown a good steady development.
Speaking of Russia optimizing the structure of exports to China, slipniov said that Russia has set a mission to expand high-tech exports to meet import demand from countries and regions around the world, including China.
Russia will next improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote further growth in the number of high-tech businesses.
Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China, and to develop cooperation with the Chinese side in medicine, aeronautical manufacturing, said.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many areas are "Qualitative and competitive" compared to similar western counterparts.
Speaking about the two countries target of reaching $ 200000 billion bilateral trade by 2024, slipniov said areas such as agriculture, mechanical manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving that goal.
Russia intends to diversify supply in these areas and promote exports of processed products.
He stressed that Russia aims to push its exporters into global value chain, where China is one of the directions for development.
Russian manufacturers in agriculture, metallurgical, oil and gas and chemistry are fully capable of participating in the process.
At Present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and " Set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and jointly develop exports to third countries
Russia's export center is taking a variety of measures and services through the Russian export credit and investment insurance agency and export bank of Russia to support Russian products to China, says.
At the same time, the Russian export center will continue to deepen cooperation with the relevant Chinese authorities to promote more convenient access of Russian goods to the Chinese market and develop new types of exports to China.
Financial institutions that use renminbi payments have grown significantly globally.
The Global trend of financial institutions using renminbi payments is visible from July 2017 to July 26, according to July 2019, according to the latest " rmb tracking special issue published in London.
AT THE GLOBAL BANK FINANCIAL TELECOMMUNICATION ASSOCIATION (Swift) 2019 London annual meeting, the agency released a "rmb tracking special issue" from July 2019, 2017 the number of financial institutions using renminbi increased by 11.31 % globally, from 1989 to 2214
Among them, the number of financial institutions using renminbi payments in Africa and the middle east increased the largest increase, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98 percent.
As of August 2019, the Yuan's share of the global payments currency was 2.22 percent.
Meanwhile, London plays a leading role in offshore exchange trading for the yuan.
London's share of offshore foreign exchange trading worldwide was 33.79 % in July 2019, leading the world, according to the report data.
London is steady no. in global foreign exchange trading, reports say.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14 percent, 12.93 % for the United States and France 7.67
The Ministry of foreign affairs responds to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": sneaky and sne
In response to Taiwanese personnel entering the un headquarters to participate in a meeting on religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson geng shuang said at a regular press conference on the 27th that such a small move was disgraceful and laughter.
A reporter asked, according to Taiwanese media reports, Taipei's New York office staff entered the United Nations headquarters to attend a meeting on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a " diplomatic breakthrough
The meeting you mentioned was a side meeting held by the United States on the united nations venue, not at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwanese personnel have sneaky way into the United Nations, harmed themselves, and rendering that this is the so-called " diplomatic breakthrough this kind of small move is disgraceful and laughter.
He noted that the united nations side has repeatedly reiterated its insistence on handling the Taiwan issue in accordance with general assembly resolution 2758, and that the general membership of the united nations also adhere to the one -
Huhehhot speeds up the upgrading of dairy industry structure - xinhua net
Xinhuhe Hot, September 27th (reporter anlumon) reporter learned from the inner mongolia autonomous region's huhehhot municipality that huhehhot city accelerated the upgrade of dairy industry structure, ili, monniu among the top ten breast companies in the world, accelerated the implementation of projects such as the ili health food industry park, Mengniu China dairy industry park, and so on creating " Chinese milk upgrade version
Dairy Industry is a traditional dominant industry in huhehhot city. With Unique Resource Endowment, industrial base and policy support, the size of hohhot city dairy industry has rapidly expanded, and the rate is increasing.
In 2018, the city's cows scale farming rate reached more than 98 nearly 85 % of farmers entered the industrialized chain, and the sales of the two companies of Eli and mongniu nearly 150000 billion yuan.
In order to further improve the dairy industry, huhehhot has released a number of views on creating " Chinese breast upgrade version " [three-year action plan for advancing the dairy industry upgrade (2018) achieve the goal of dairy manufacturing 4.0, we have implemented the " five major upgrade " plan for quality dairy base construction, agricultural enterprise interest links, trillion-level lead enterprise development, featuring sme cluster cultivation and international innovation in dairy industry.
Huhehhot City Mayor Feng Yuzhen said that the local will speed up the promotion of two major investment of two billion yuan investment projects such as the ili health food industry park, Mongniu China dairy industry park, and the construction of the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and so on the same project to constantly enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, 27th, Vietnam Shield vs. US DOLLAR INTERMEDIATE PRICE HIKES 5 VND
With Exchange rate fluctuations at + /-3 today, the bank s' exchange rate cap is 23854 Vnd and the lower limit of 22465 VND.
The Bank's buying price and selling bid for rmb 3211 VND AND VND RESPECTIVELY, down 1 from the previous trading day.
Techcombank of Vietnam (Techcombank) has set the us dollar purchase price and selling bid at VND 23131 and vnd respectively, which is down 2 VND respectively from the previous trading day.
The Bank's buying price and selling bid for rmb 3193 VND AND 3326 respectively, down 1 AND 2 VND respectively from the previous trading day.
The "good story of China" database is online to show the world a true three-dimensional China
The Innovative, basic platform for propaganda work aimed at " telling Chinese story and spreading the voice of China is officially online today, showing real, three-dimensional, comprehensive China.
The "good story of China" Database (www.chinastory.cn),).
Here's the live of the ' beautiful and the ' China good story ' database ' live on September 27
On that day, an innovative, basic platform for propaganda work aimed at " telling Chinese story and spreading the voice of China was officially online to show the world real, three-dimensional, comprehensive China.
Open the "good story of China" Database, a picture of inkfish with a long-Conception of inkling fish, opens up a treasure house of Chinese stories across time and time.
The database contains more than 60 million wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of " faithful to " foolish mountain " to a new era of " I will be without me " don't forget the original heart thousands of good stories from China " China " the vivid carrier of the spirit " Chinese intelligence " Chinese power
The storybank brings together five major theme stories " 1 + 4
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the first explaining person of the Chinese story the " learning " Section Features Xi Jinping's story, the stories told by xi jinping, the story of xi jinping and the stories of the character xi jinping likes. It provides a rich and convenient web platform for readers to learn the art of jinping's story-telling and understand the principles behind the management of national politics. Four stories such as " govern politics " Chinese culture " Co-win-win " the category, closely surrounding the story of the communist party of China's administration, the story of the struggle of the Chinese people's struggle, the story of a wide-depth Chinese culture and win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-provoking, enlightening, enlightening
The reporter learned from the online launch of the " Beauty of China good story s' database " held in Beijing today that the " good story " database has opened a website and Chinese and mobile phone client.
The website is full of content, functional, design stylish, and the media presents wonderful stories.
Mobile phone clients highlight artificial intelligence voice function, adapts to mobile transmission trends, providing users with "good stories" players.
In order to facilitate inquiries and use, the database makes full advantage of smart search technology in China. It provides a rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search, label search, convenient, convenient and easy to use.
The " good story of China " database has also created an open platform for content, which has opened the " story number " for the first batch of more than a dozen units such as the state asset commission.
Demonstrations blast the president to step down Egypt mountain rain, authorities show strong crackdown
Twitter hashtags and community media are strongly advocating Egyptian masses to go to the streets today to peacefully appeal for president cesi to step down.
But authorities have shown their intention to use force to crack down.
Since the then-Chief of the military chief of the military to seize power in 2013, the dissentiment of dissent in Egypt has almost disappeared and any form of protests are in extreme danger.
More than 1900 people have been arrested since a rare outbreak of protests calling for cesi to step down in Cairo, the guardian, the Cairo, the guardian reported.
Allegations of corruption surrounding ceci and his family wasting public money in pursuit of vanity led thousands of people to the street demonstrations starting on the 20th.
Egypt's interior ministry stood firm yesterday that any attempt to destabilize the country will be decisively and will not be soft.
Central Cairo has long been heavily guarded, and riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police were seen on the streets around tahrir square in 2011 Egyptian revolutionary detonation point.
Al Jazeera reported that security forces detained several key academics and social virtues, including a professor of political science and prominent columnist at the university of Cairo.
He tweeted on the 24th: " I have no doubt that continuing to let ceci's absolute rule will cause disaster."
" it was in Egypt's interest to step down immediately. PM
Hosney, who served as spokesperson of former Egyptian Military Chief of staff annan, was detained prior to nafah's arrest.
Annan was arrested last year after attempting to compete for president with Ceci.
Constitutional Party Chairman Dawud was also in custody.
Analysts and politicians believe that at a time when economic plight of the poor and middle class worsen, sweeping dissidents reflects the volatility and weakness of the government.
The opposition leader, Ayman Nour, who once competed for President: " the arrest underscores the regime's indifference for the Egyptian people and how scared it is pm
" as the economy has been messed up by him, plus widespread political oppression, Ceci tried to send a clear message to key generals and politicians who could replace it. PM
Noel pointed out that the high-handed approach by the government will only increase people's anger in the face of the social and economic situation continues to deterior
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people going to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor in exile to Spain, who was an Egyptian Military Construction Contractor, began uploading a series of videos earlier this month, benefiting from government corruption, detonating a wave of small demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said his company amraq general contract could get profitable contracts without having to go through the legal bidding process, highlighting the corruption of the military and cesi relatives including first lady intissar amer al-Sisi.
He deeply regrets that he was involved.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palace and luxury hotels he helped secigui are in stark contrast to the current extreme poverty of Egyptians and that they have not paid.
On Twitter, hashtags such as " stand up you're not alone " Ceci you're done " Ceci Roll " next Friday " have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets, the content calls on the public to go to the streets peacefully demanding ceci step down.
Hollywood Egyptian Star Amawick tweeted nearly 7000 million followers.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: " Ceci is destined to be over... He's over, and his supporters are now making a big mistake. PM
Hong Kong government launches free special training program to help economically affected employees overcome difficulties
The Hong Kong sar government announced on the 27th that it will launch a free special training program for employees affected by recent economic conditions. Eligible trainees will receive a maximum of Hk$ 4000 per month after completing the course.
Many Boutique customers in Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City, Hong Kong.
Due to recent social disputes in Hong Kong, visitors to Hong Kong have dropped dramatically, except for tourism, hotel, catering and retail industries.
The Secretary for labour and welfare of the hong kong sar government, Mr law, and the secretary of commerce and economic development, Mr Chiu Teng-wah, met with the media about commissioning the employees retraining board to implement a special training program and measures to support the
Law said that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy are already imminent and should not wait until the situation is calm to start work.
So, the hong kong sar government has launched this called " special free training program for love value added.
According to the information, people who are unemployed or are asked by their employer to take unpaid leave from June 1, as long as they meet the relevant requirements, they will have the opportunity to participate in the
Luo Chi-Kuang introduced, the most important part of the course is training of " career skills which covers 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering industries, as well as some brand new " innovative technology " courses, and cross-industry " Universal Skills " courses.
The Chairman of the employees retraining board, yu peng chun said that all courses are free, and it is expected to support about 10 million needy people.
Participants in the scheme will receive a special allowance of Hk$ 4000 per trainee as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and the attendance rate reaches 4000
According to the introduction, the training course lasts from 2 TO 3 months and is provided by about 50 training institutes. Members of the public can be read from 3 October 3 to March 31 next year, with up to 4 per person. A course.
In addition, the hong kong sar government has also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry survive the difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the appropriation for the travel industry council, sponsoring 6000 tour guides to renew registration courses, exemption of annual fees for travel agents.
Exercise is tired and tired?
A study of athletes shows signs of tiredness after high intensity movement, according to Russian satellite network.
This study led by marseius persigrion, a specialist at the pitier-Salpetriel hospital in France, shows that there is no obvious link between mental and physical labor: both require cognitive control of activity pm
Persigrion explains: " you need to control the autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when you have muscle and joint pain pm
The study was launched by the French National Institute of Sports (Insep).
The school experts are responsible for directing athletes in preparation for the Olympics.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which is an unstoppable feeling of tiredness after high-load exercise, unrecovering, and declining results.
Insep asks the question: will part of this disease be neurofatigue, the kind of neurofatigue caused by over-brain labor?
The study was published in contemporary biology magazine.
Recently, the ministry of culture and tourism and the Chinese Gallery of art specially designed to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's " running horse qi baekshi's " for a thousand years of peace lee can dye's " Red Mountain Red mountains jin shang yi's " Tajik Bride Luo Neutral Father Liu Wenxi's " grandson four generations " has more than 480 collection of classic collections from more than 20 Major Art Gallery in the country, covering almost all the classics since the founding of new China.
"great journey magnificent paintings - the exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China" Rich and multidimensional exhibition of the great journey and brilliant achievements of the founding new China, showing the tireless fight and self-improvement of the Chinese people. Great Spirit.
The exhibition is divided into one prologue and four chapters.
The exhibition is huge in large scale, featuring a collection of famous artistic works, featuring more than 480 pieces of Chinese paintings, oil painting, prints, sculptures, Watercolor Water Powder, new year paintings, posters, featuring, featuring classic works in the Chinese Gallery of art gallery. Classic collections from more than 20 major academic institutions, art museums in the country.
In addition, more than 130 new realistic projects just completed by the ministry of culture and tourism, " National Theme Art creation are also featured for the first time.
To present the exhibition, the Chinese Museum of art has invoked all the exhibition space for the first time. In addition to the three-Storey Showrooms in the hall, the outdoor courtyard space is also been built into a sculptural exhibition area and externally echored by exhibition design. Pattern.
It is reported that the exhibition will be on display until November 2
The Chinese Art Gallery will be closed from September 28 to October 1, according to the unified arrangement for Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China.
September 27th is world tourism day, and this year's theme is " Tourism and work: building a better future for all the tourism board has arranged a series of events, including hosting lucky travellers and traditional pallet contest, with residents and travellers celebrated together.
On the same day, we also celebrated a dinner party to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary of social and culture, Mr Tan Junrong, attended this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of macau tourism.
Leaders and related supervisors from the tourism secretary of tourism, Mr Hua and Deputy Secretary Hsu Yao Ming arrived at Macau International Airport on the same day to send souvenir to lucky travellers on world tourism day.
Mr. Wipoosiri, a traveler from Thailand, became a lucky passenger this year, saying macau is a tourist destination suitable for a family and can enjoy macau during the weekend holidays. Visiting the city of Macau.
THE MACAU TOURISM MASCOT "Macau" robots also welcomed visitors, and souvenirs are also arranged to be available at the travel Bureau's inquiries.
The Traditional Pallet Contest was held in the afternoon of the same day, with nearly 180 contestants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau, coincided with the 29th anniversary of the establishment of the macao special administrative region this year. The three bus maker is lined up in numbers "20" to add joy to the event.
Some contestants also wear special clothes that match the theme of return.
Each contestants crossed the streets of " Historic City of Macau with a bottle of " with a bottle of " Macau beer safely delivered to the end booth as soon as possible. The process was intense and exciting, attracted a large number of visitors to take photos and even take pictures and even contestants cheer up to show Macau's travel charm.
The Men's group champions were won by Warren obejas cabada in the centre of kinsha city, Macau; the women's group is ye xiaojing group; the most special costume award winners are the huanming of the golden dragon hotel of jiajing group. Hiro.
On that evening, the tourism board invited hundreds of guests including representatives from relevant departments, industry and media to attend world tourism day celebration dinner.
At the dinner party, Tam said that the tourism industry in macau in 20 has been growing in 20, but currently facing changes in external environment, encouraged the industry to innovative thinking, move forward, adjust strategies and conceive new strategies and conceived. Tourism Products And Promotional Models, expand the market, encourage the industry to continue supporting the prosperity and sustainable development of macau tourism.
Featuring " celebrating the th anniversary of the establishment of the macao special administrative region the banquet also arranged for macau singers to sing the original song " Lian " Lian one " and a variety of performances featuring the theme of the return theme by six large tourism companies. Macau's diverse travel leisure elements and the versatile side of travel practitioners.
Since 1980, the world tourism organization has designated 27 September as " world tourism day with the aim of promoting international awareness of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The Central Bank Launches 30000 billion reverse purchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (Reporters Zhang Qian, wu yu) the people's bank of China launched a 30000 Billion Yuan Reverse Repurchase Operation on the 27th.
Due to the 40000 Billion Yuan Reverse Repurchase Expired on that day, the people's Bank Repurchase Operation achieved a net return of 10000 billion yuan.
The Central Bank issued a announcement saying that the 30000 Billion Yuan Reverse Repurchase Operation was held for 14 days, with the winning rate of 2.7 %.
It's the central bank'S 7th consecutive working day Reverse Repurchase Operation.
Shanghai interbank release rate (Shibor) released on the 27th shows overnight rate of 1.313 %, 32.4 base points compared to the previous trading day; the rate is 2.59 %, up 1.3 base points compared to the previous trading day; the rate is 2.95 % on 14 days, down 1.7 base points compared to the previous trading day; the rate is 3.048 % per year rate, and above one trading day is flat.
Making Chinese citizens "walk out" more comfortable - visit the consular department of the foreign ministry of consular affairs cui aimin
Wherever you go, the country is behind you.
On the 25th, the first foreign ministry of foreign ministry consular protection public welfare clip was online. The sentence at the end of the short film echoed a large number of netiz
Consular Director of the ministry of foreign affairs, cui aimin said in an interview with xinhua news agency reporter that the clip aims to make the public feel the feelings and temperatures of "Diplomats of" Diplomats in any corner of the world. All will help them, help, strength and hope.
Peace Overseas is no small matter, one leaves.
Cui Aimin said that the number of Chinese citizens " walk out " has increased dramatically in the past 70 years, from " less than a million " before the reform and opening up to more than 70 million times a year. at the same time, Chinese citizens travelling abroad is more secure, consular protection work and assistance have also expanded from overseas chinese to various groups such as overseas Chinese, tourists, overseas students, migrant workers.
According to statistics, since the 10th Congress of the party, we have carried out more than 10 major moves to evacuate Chinese citizens overseas, safely evacuate more than 40 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
About 500 million cases involving nearly 1000 million Chinese citizens, involving nearly 1000 million Chinese citizens.
In dangerous times, the motherland can take you home; want a "go trip" is no longer a dream anymore.
As of the end of August, China has concluded visa-free agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel, according to cui ai min.
In addition, a growing number of countries are unilaterally giving Chinese citizens visa-free or landing visas.
42 countries and regions such as Thailand, Egypt unilaterally grant landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions such as indonesia unilaterally allow visa-free entry to Chinese citizens with normal passports.
In addition to visa-free and landing arrangements, Chinese citizens to apply for visas are becoming more convenient and simplified.
As of the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements to simplify visa procedures with 41 countries.
They include mutual travel with the United States, Canada, Israel, Argentina, business personnel issued multiple visas for 10 years, and mutual travel, business, and family visits for more than 2 years. Sub-Visa arrangement, etc.
The UK, Belgium jointly launched a "One-stop" service, with France, Italy and Singapore shortening visa processing times to 48, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For Business people who go abroad often, the apec business travel card is a good choice for multiple entry and convenient clearance.
According to choi ai min, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining multiple visas for 16 years from 5 economies around Asia-Pacific, which is of great significance for business people, especially private businesses.
Currently, China has the number of valid card holder ranks first among apec economies.
The Ministry of foreign affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocal agreements, pushing more countries to adopt visa convenience measures against Chinese citizens, so that the results of diplomacy can be translated into benefiting the people and people and constantly improve the 'Gold' of Chinese passport
National day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, City Committee Secretary Cai Qi led the team to check the safe production and holiday market supply during national day.
He stressed that we need to raise political stations, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do all efforts to ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, and welcome the 70th anniversary of the establishment of new China, so that the public can enjoy a happy and peaceful holiday. PM
Deputy Secretary of the city committee and Mayor Chen jinning checked together.
The power area of the tianananmen district power service center is nearly 7 square kilometers, and built a smart inspection system is built to monitor and analyze data in real-time, and achieve smart operation, evaluation, and security of
Cai Qi and chen jining carefully looked at the operation and safety of the power supply equipment, asked about important details of the power protection work, and walked into the dispatch command hall, and listen to hear safe power during the festive period.
Cai Qi Expressed His condolences to the front-line staff, stressing that we should establish a bottom line thinking, grasp fire, pay more to the site, pay attention to the end, strengthen safety hazard inspection and monitoring of equipment running monitoring at each point, ensuring power supply, and gas. For Safety.
In the wangfujing department store, there are a variety of goods and festive atmosphere everywhere.
The second floor of Peace Fruit Bureau, the wall built up of qingwa stone bricks and old shops such as, big cinemas, food shops, old bookstores, old bookstores are everywhere.
Cai Qi and chen jining looked while watching, listened to wang fujing department store in collaboration with pedestrian upgrades to upgrade business operations, market supply report, and learn more about holiday protection.
Walk into the " Red Star Food and oil store " Dabei Photo Gallery " and learn about the sales of special goods in Beijing, and ask tourists about the experience.
At Zhang Binggui Candy Counter, Beijing City's example of labor model, Zhang Binggui's Son Zhang Binggui, and passed on the great job of "one catch" One-Qing Tsai urged him to promote the spirit of labor model.
Cai Chi urged to step up market monitoring, ensure that the holiday supply is stable, strict food safety; and other people such as the mall should take care of work.
City leaders cui shuqiang, Wang Hong and zhang jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "line leader" protects the safe operation of the passenger bus line.
The reporter learned from jiangxi provincial highway transport authority that as of now, 1334 passenger lines in jiangxi's 11 established districts and 6 provinces have " line lines
The head of jiangxi provincial highway transportation administration said that due to the safety management of some passenger transportation administration is in form, the main responsibility of corporate safety falls short of corporate safety. Violations such as speeding, driver fatigue driving fatigue of the road safety status comparison grim.
In order to further compass the main responsibility of road passenger transportation company safety and ensure travelling safety, jiangxi started a pilot "line length system" in 2017 and gradually promoted throughout the province in 2018
At Present, 92 road passenger carriers in jiangxi have implemented the " line long system with the selection of " line length " management classes, covering 4824 Operating 1334 vehicles.
According to the introduction, "line length" is usually designated by road transport passenger transport companies. Specific people, cars, lines, etc. ensure that the person responsible for managing the line supervisors of the line conducts the line conducts a comprehensive job of the line, vehicles, driver, operating environment, etc. Control, ensure the operating safety of the class line.
To celebrate the th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China and the th anniversary of the establishment of the macao special administrative region, the municipal services department will be held from October to December, LED by food and safety educators to visit " mainland food products for macao the-year photo exhibition " and " food information station " will enhance public understanding of the safety regulation and stable supply of food in the mainland, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Australia.
Jointly organized by the state customs administration and the municipality department of the macao special administrative region, we are now at the first floor of the food products in the first floor of woohan hawker building. The Information Station is organized to attract a lot of people from Australia to visit.
To celebrate the th anniversary of the establishment of the people's Republic of China and the th anniversary of the establishment of the macao special administrative region, the municipal services department will be on the first floor of the pm (except for public holidays) at woohan hawker building from October to December. The Information Station, special food safety public tour event, LED by food safety educators to visit the photo exhibition and food information station. Through the live graphics, videos, comics and multimedia interactive gaming. to allow participants to gain insight into the safety regulation and stable supply of food in the mainland, as well as food safety work in Australia, from import to market monitoring, and learn about food safety in daily life. Food safety, and work together to safeguard our Australian food safety.
Each food safety guide event is about minutes. Interested parties can register at the food information station of the first floor of the yuhan hawker building minutes before the day. FREE FEE IS LIMITED. First come first served.
If you have questions, please call the food safety hotline at 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial tax bank and convenience people integrated office tax payment platform is officially online
Fujian Provincial tax bank and convenience integrated office tax payment platform is officially online.
China news network fuzhou, September 27 (ye qiuyun) Fujian Provincial Tax Collection platform for the bank, bank, the tax payment platform is officially launched on September 27 in fuzhou, Fujian Province.
Reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the people's bank of China's Fuzhou Central Branch of China, Fujian Provincial Tax Administration and China Silver Union co. Co. Co. Signed a three-party cooperation memoranda of cooperation in the country to benefit the country. Tax Warehouse, silver and convenience people integrated tax payment platform.
After almost a year of construction, the platform has been successfully online.
Wang Dehui, head of the treasury of the people's bank of China's Fuzhou Central Branch, said that the platform upholds to safety, universality, convenience, compliance and leading construction concepts, with tax, government, banks, non-bank payment agencies as well as social services, providing mobile app, wechat public numbers, tax hall, bank outlets, universal financial services points, etc.
It is reported that the platform has assembled a number of benefiting projects for people, among them, among them, the medical insurance fees for urban and rural residents have been officially online.
The project opened up 14 channels online and offline to serve more than 3000 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76 % of the resident population of Fujian Province.
Health insurance can be paid online via " Fujian tax pass " cloud flashing " as well as app, wechat public numbers of various banks. Offline can be used at tax halls and rural inclusive financial services points in fujian province. Scanning, swing card, card, etc. to pay medical insurance fees.
Zhou Central Branch of the people's bank of China said that the success of the platform is online, while ensuring government revenue directly into the bank of data information can provide safe, efficient, Multi-channel and multi-mode convenience to the public. Fee service.
At Present, more than 9000 Universal Financial services points across the province have opened the function of health insurance premium payment function, so that rural residents " cannot get out of their village " at ease to pay health insurance fees, allowing the public. Having a stronger sense of " gain happiness
According to statistics, since platform urban and rural resident s' pre-trial run, 20 million service users have reached 840 million people. Among them, 750 million online subscribers have paid subscribers and universal financial services points. Nearly 20 million trips.
In addition, Lin guoqing, Deputy Director of the fujian provincial administration of tax administration of taxation, revealed at the event that the platform has launched the electronic payment voucher technology for blockchain nationwide.
Starting next month, payers can also download sealed electronic payment voucher directly from their phone after finishing the payment.
Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "Highway" for private tax payment will be further expanded.
Us will increase deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Department of defense announced on the 26th that due to previous attacks on Saudi oil facilities, the U.S. will deploy an additional " Patriots " Air Defense System, 4 sets of sentinels " Radar systems in Saudi Arabia U.S. Army.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment would enhance air defense, anti-missile capability of key military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia and enhance the U.S. Military presence in the region.
The statement also said that U.S. Defense Secretary Esper approved the inclusion of two " Patriots " Air Defense systems and a " Saad " Anti-missile system in the ready deployment sequence.
Some U.S. defense media have questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying the main interceptions of " Patriots " and " sad " systems were not low-altitude targets that the United States claimed to attack Saudi drones and cruise missiles.
Iranian President Rouhani said during the general debate of the un general debate of the un general assembly on 25th that Iran can help maintain "security in the Persian Gulf" and ensure smooth safety of oil transport ships with fair rights to all countries. Through the strait of hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that regional security could only be achieved by U.S. troops withdrawing from the region.
Several drones attacked two saudi aramco oil facilities and sparked fire on 14 this month.
The U.S. accuses Iran of committing the attack and imposing new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Cyrus has completed last year's call for employees to increase their top 43 percent %.
On the evening of September 25, the selis (603716. Sh) announcement said that the company's actual controller and chairman wen wei has added 1054.2 million shares through the shanghai stock exchange, accounting for a total stock exchange. 0.5139 % of the stock capital, the amount of increase combined rmb 20092.6 million Yuan (including transaction costs of stamp duty, commission, interest, etc), complete the plan to increase.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, wen wei directly owned 8580 million shares in selis, accounting for 4.18 % of the company's total stock capital and holding shareholder tianjin ruimi scientific instrument co. (Hereinafter "Tianjin ) Zinruimi") holds 82183.5 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06 % of the company's total equity capital, wen wei holds 66.06 % of the 66.06 % stake in rui, and is the company's actual controller of
It's noteworthy that it's not the first time Cyrus has offered a good move.
In just a year since September last year, selis has launched executive growth, Chairman's stepped-End-up initiatives, Repurchase Shares, equity incentive, etc.
On September 18th last year, Cyrus announced that seven executives, including Liu Wenhao, have accumulated 394.3 million shares (Accounting for 0.1922 % of the company's total share capital) and increased their holdings. The total amount is 7022.9 million Yuan, and the plan for this increase has been completed.
Shortly after that, chairman and real controller wen wei proposed an initiative to raise the company's stock plan and promised to compensate wenwei if there is any loss.
The increase period is from October 19 to 31 October 2018, 2018, the total amount of the company's shares limit is not more than 150 billion Yuan, and you need to hold company shares for more than 12 months after the increase. The employee is on duty when compensation is not reduced.
Reporter combed and found that during the above-mentioned initiative's share price was as low as 14.02 Yuan and up to 16.44 Yuan, the closing price of selles on September 25 the maximum floating earnings can be up to 42.80 % and as low as 21.78
On January 21th this year, selis again passed the repurchase of shares program, announcing that the total amount of funds proposed for Repurchase Shares is no less than rmb 160 billion Yuan, not more than rmb 280 billion yuan.
On August 8th, the company released the announcement of the selis 2019 Limited Stock Incentive plan (Draft), with high performance unlock conditions.
The announcement showed that equity incentive was based on operating income in 2018, with growth rates of 30 %, 70 %, 120 % and 185 % respectively for the four accounting years. %.
Judging from Cyrus's performance in the first half, the company maintained high growth and surpassed this year's 30 % growth.
In the first half of the first year, operating income was 842 billion Yuan, an increase of 46.50 % on year. The net profit attributed to shareholders of listed companies is 56232.4 million Yuan, an increase of 16.46 %
And since mid-2018, selis has increased by more than 38 % on-Year-year reporting periods, with a maximum speed of 59
In 2018, the company established a dual-Core-Nuclear-Driven Synergy development strategy based on medical supplies intensive operation services (IVD BUSINESS) and regional inspection centers, based on medical supplies intensive operation service (IVD BUSINESS), in 2018 consolidating the advantages of the original ivd business with iterative upgrades to advance spd business.
Cyrus sources told reporters that in order to accommodate the trend of health care and achieve rapid expansion, all three major businesses are progressing steadily.
In the spd business area, in January this year, selis announces signed a cooperation agreement on medical supplies and daily operation management services with the people's hospital of lingwu city and lingwu central hospital.
" as a matter of fact, Cyrus is expanding its spd business to provide medical facilities with sophisticated operation services such as centralized purchasing, warehousing management, distribution and clearing for long-term income. PM
The above people said.
On September 17, according to Zhejiang Government Procurement Network Zhejiang government procurement service information platform, selis won a bid for an " Medical Supplies (including redients) Hospital, affiliated to Zhejiang University of medicine. Service project
Medical industry analysts point out that this winning bid is very valuable. Shao Yiff hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the international hospital evaluation (JCI), and the successful implementation of the project will also be an important for the hospital. Development Opportunities.
According to its analysis, the business layout of the country has basically finished business areas covered by regional expansion, national strategic cooperation, and channel m & a.
Nowadays, the winning bid shao yiff hospital is in the next city in Zhejiang, it should continue to copy this model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in East China market.
In addition, this year, cyris also laid out in emerging areas such as industrial cannabis, blockchain technology.
78 million volunteers in Beijing serve national day transportation trip.
In order to ensure the smooth implementation of the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China, more than 28 volunteers in Beijing will officially be on duty starting from the 28th to provide volunteer service at all locations in Beijing. October 8th.
Earlier, the leadership group of Beijing to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the people's Republic of China established a volunteer command, and trained more than 160 High-quality volunteers in the early stages of higher education, community, businesses, social sectors. The field of volunteering involves celebration conferences, gathering events, Large-scale achievement shows, National Day Parks, and urban operation and security.
Among them, more than 70 volunteers for transportation civilization.
Gaobin, head of the office of the capital traffic civilization volunteer command: from September 28 to October 8, 78266 Capital Traffic civilization volunteers are at 1700 traffic intersection in Beijing, 308 Subway stations, including more than 300 major traffic hubs for traffic diversion and guidance.
After two months in Iranian custody, the British Tanker Steiner Steiner was finally released and departed from Port Abbas, Iran on the morning of 27 for international waters.
And just in the middle of last month, authorities in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar just released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for over a month.
According to the Islamic Republic of Iran news agency, the British tanker "Steiner" Set off from Port Abbas for international waters in the Persian Gulf at 9 a.m. local time.
Iran's port and shipping organization of holmuzgan province confirms that the ship's commander and crew have made formal and written commitments that despite the ship is being seized, they have no claims for compensation.
Swedish ship stena bulk, owner of the Steiner Steiner, also said the ship was sailing from Port Abbas.
In addition, refinitiv's ship tracking data also found that the tanker started moving on 27 and left port abbas.
The British-flagged stena impero tanker was seized by Iran this July.
The company spokesman said the tanker was preparing to leave port abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian tanker off Gibraltar, the Iranian revolutionary guards detained the tanker named stena impero in the strait of hormuz channel.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, an Iranian government spokesman said that all the legal procedures needed to release the "Steiner Empire" have been completed.
But the Iranian side said the investigation is still ongoing.
Several Iranian media also released video of the tanker sailing.
On July 19, the Iranian revolutionary guard navy detained a British tanker "Steiner Empire" in Iranian waters in the strait of hormuz before escorted it to port abbas.
Iranian tanker "Grace one" sailed out of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, authorities in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar seized " Grace one " in the strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of delivering oil to Syria in violation of eu sanctions. No. " Tanker.
More than a month later on August 15, Gibraltar authorities announced the release of grace one.
This afternoon, a special meeting for undergraduate colleges on theme education review and correction was held in changsha.
Provincial Committee Deputy Secretary Ulan stressed that we should raise political standing, strengthen political responsibility, scrutinize the problems and correction and improve the effectiveness of the subject education to promote the high quality development of the party building, thinking and reform and development of higher education.
Ulan fully recognizes the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges in the second batch of subject education.
She pointed out that conducting " don't forget the original intention, remember the mission " theme is a major deployment made by the party central committee. undergraduate colleges and colleges should learn in depth to implement general Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on the implementation of " don't forget your initial heart, remember pm
From Enhancing " four consciousness to " two maintenance fulfilling the political heights of the initial mission, carefully complete the standard actions of education, especially the series of issues that come from solid correction and review, and coordinate the work of school reform and development. To achieve " two promotions
Ulan stressed that we should stick to the blade inward, grasp the problem. In accordance with the requirements of " four contrasts " four contrasts " to find out " to find the correct questions about the standard, and seek the table. Widely open the teachers and students, parents and all sectors of society. The opinion suggests that we dig the root causes seriously, so as to clear the direction of efforts and improve, and come up with practical tricks to solve the problem.
We must insist on precision, strengthen real change, and actually use the word "change" throughout the whole time.
We need to do the combination of topic education and "lied people" and other work, compelling the responsibility of correction, ensure that the problem does not fall down, see the bottom of zero, so as to improve the effect of correction.
We must adhere to both specimens and cure the long-lasting mechanism, knit the system cage, tighten the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is based on, rules, and rules and truly use the system to manage human management.
To adhere to the above rate, leading cadres take the lead in strengthening the theoretical armed forces, take the lead in scrutiny and corrections, leading the lead in strict discipline and play the role of "key minority" and strive to complete the tasks of the subject education and correction.
The Party Committee of 5 colleges including hunan university are responsible for comrades, and the relevant units in charge of the province made statements.
Two Major High-pressure projects launched for "One-time"
On the 26th, 1100 KV HIGH VOLT DIRECT CURRENT PROJECT FROM EAST TO SOUTHERN ANHUI, sutong'S 1000 KV EXCHANGE SPECIAL HIGH PRESSURE GIL INTEGRATED TUBE PROJECT WAS LAUNCHED.
Both of these two projects occupy the high point in their respective fields of power transmission technology in the world, which will greatly improve our country's energy optimization.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the state energy administration, said that the project from east to south anhui, is the world's largest power supply capacity and the furthest transmission project.
Its delivery is of great importance to promote the development of energy base in xinjiang, ensuring electricity supply in East China.
Gil, gas insulation metal closed transmission lines.
The sutong tube corridor project has set a record of the highest voltage level and highest transmission capacity in the world, and achieved the highest voltage level of East China's backbone power grid.
According to the state power grid company, the transmission distance between east to south anhui is 3324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is adopted, more than 15 % of electricity will be lost on the way, and the project has been attacked and development, bringing the economic delivery distance to more than 3000 kilometers.
After the project from east to south anhui, it can deliver 100 billion degrees of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the dissipation problem of existing new energy in xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, this line will reach 600 to 85000 billion kilowatt hours per year, which can satisfy more than half of Shanghai's electricity throughout the year.
Sutong Gil Integrated Tube Corridor project is the control project of ultra high pressure exchange ring network across the Yangtze River.
To adopt a regular overhead line across the river, two giant towers over 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and an artificial island of more than four football pitch size for each tower.
In response, the national power grid has boldly innovative, developed compact ultra-High Pressure Exchange Gil power transmission technology, crossing the river through tunnels, avoiding the impact on the golden path.
Two projects have propelled our electrician equipment manufacturing capability to achieve a new leap.
Currently, the state power grid has accumulated the " 10 direct 11 direct " Ultra-pressure project, and " 4 TURN 3 straight " is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's external debt structure continues to optimize external debt stability
" Overall, the structure of our external debt continues to optimize and its stability has increased. PM
Wang chunying, a spokesperson of the state administration of foreign exchange administration, said on the 27th that the main indicators of our country's external debt is within the internationally recognized security line, and the external debt risk is controllable
Wang chunying made the above remarks when he released data on the end of June 2019 Foreign Exchange Bureau.
Data shows that the balance of our full-Caliber (including foreign currency) external debt as of June 2019 was $ 26300 billion, an increase of $ 1998000 billion, or 1.3 % increase from the end of March 2019 from the growth of debt securities balance.
In the second quarter of 2019, China's total-caliber foreign debt was driven by non-residents buying domestic renminbi bonds, and mostly middle-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, mid-and long-term external debt rose by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, while local currency's external debt Rose 1 percentage points at the end of March 2019
Wang chunying said that with Chinese Yuan bonds in April 2019, International Investors's recognition of the Chinese bond market continues to increase in domestic renminbi bonds.
" our country's balance of payments remains overall and external debt risks are controlled. PM
Reporter learned from the Yunnan Academy of agriculture on the 27th that at present, the yunnan grassland moth has received effective prevention and control. It has not caused widespread outbreaks, and control work has achieved stage results.
In January this year, meadow moth was discovered for the first time in jiangcheng county of PU ' ER City, Yunnan Province. It was confirmed in 129 counties in yunnan, and the grass moth spreading gradually spread from yunnan to poses a direct threat to China's food production.
Grassland night moth is an important agricultural pest native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas, a major shifting pest of the UNITED NATIONS FAO GLOBAL ALERT and has " International, moving and outbreak, devastating ' features.
The pest jeopardizes more than 80 crops such as corn, Sugar Cane, sorghum, and can cause up to 70 % production loss.
It is difficult to control, China has no registered pesticide to prevent the bug.
Since the meadow night moth moved to Yunnan Province, Yunnan Provincial Academy of agriculture has selected chen aidong researcher to lead the cross-border harmful biology of the Yunnan Academy of Agriculture, in collaboration with green prevention and control provincial innovation team to the frontline, sample and conduct technical guidance and test demonstration.
Chen Aidong team has initially grasped the population characteristics of the wild moth in yunnan grassland, natural enemy insects, the characteristics of insects, offshore insects, the trail of population movements, pharmacy and
They are actively conducting research and applications of green prevention and control technology, through the implementation of new technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific medicine and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90 % while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting the natural enemy resources and ecosystem environment, providing technical guarantee for effectively controlling the outbreak of grass moth and sustainable management in yunnan.
Currently, yunnan grass moth has received effective prevention and control, and has not caused widespread outbreaks. The Prevention and control work has achieved some progress.
Next step, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of agriculture will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion, breakthrough the construction of biological control and green technology system.
At the same time, we actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key labs and joint monitoring stations and demonstration areas outside the aim of improving the monitoring and early warning capability of Yunnan Grasslands.
According to the people's bank of China website, the people's bank of China will release a set of panda plus silver and Silver Commemorative Coins at the China International Import Fair on September 30, 2019
The Set of gold and Silver Commemorative Coins, including 1 GOLD MEDALS AND 1 Silver Commemorative Coins, all are legal tender of the people's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, this set of gold and Silver Commemorative Coins are all featuring the temple of prayer in Beijing, and published the country name, year number and the Chinese word " China International Import Expo
8 Grams Round Gold Memorial Coin the back pattern of mother-Child Panda Panda and published " 8 G AU. 999 " words, " China International Import Expo " in English and denomination.
30 Grams Round Silver Memorial Coin the back pattern is mother-Child Panda Panda and published " 30 G AG. 999 " words, " China International Import Expo " in English and denomination.
According to the introduction, the 8 Gram Round Gold Medal Coin is a universal coin, containing 8 G Pure Gold, diameter of 22 mm, denomination of 100 Yuan, 99.9 % color, and a maximum circulation of 10000 pieces.
30 Grams Round Silver Commemorative Coin is universal coins, containing pure silver 30 g, 40 mm Diameter, denomination of 10 Yuan, 99.9 % color, and a maximum circulation of 20000 pieces.
The Set of gold and Silver Commemorative Coins were minted by shenyang coins co. Ltd.
White Paper: China takes a path of development that suits national conditions
China news agency, Beijing, September 27-China's State Council news office issued a white paper on the new era of China and the world
The White paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and continue to advance, successfully opened the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and have achieved the world's attention development achievements.
The White paper says that China's development depends on self-Reliance and hard work.
China's development relies on the practical spirit of " 800 billion shirts for one Boeing generations of people continue to continue to struggle, paying hard work and sweat that others cannot imagine; relying on " oneself the responsibility of the burden is carried by yourself, whether in good or adversity, not exporting problems, do not pass on contradictions, do not forcing others to develop yourself through forced buying and plunder other countries; rely on the spirit of " touching the river " touching the river not walk away from imperialism, colonialism the old road, instead of copying the development model of western countries, it combines China's practical, summarizing lessons, learn from human civilization, dare to try and take a path.
The White paper says that china develops in its connections with the world, China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development, and that China's path is in line with China's national conditions and adapting to
China maintains world peace with practical actions.
For 70 years, China has not taken the initiative to provoke any war or conflict, and has not encroached on an inch of other countries.
The White paper noted that China's development has achieved great success over the past 70 years is to find the right path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and to go unwavering along this path.
This is a road that is established from the national situation of the country, put people's interests first, reform innovation, seek common development in open doors, and run the country fully according to law.
China is huge in size, complex national conditions, and it is rare in the world to manage. Without concentration and strong leadership, China will move towards split and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The White paper says that for 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges, creating one Chinese miracle after another.
Especially since the eighteenth congress of the Chinese Communist party, China has made historic achievements and historic changes, and the Chinese nation has taken a great leap from standing up, getting rich to stronger, closer to the great goal of national revival than ever.
This path to development in China will increasingly show bright development prospects as the times progresses.
45 countries and regional textile representatives jointly issued the world declaration of cloth merchants.
Representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions co-issued the world conference on 27nd world cloth in koqiao district, Zhejiang Province.
The Declaration noted that for the future, the countries concerned insist on opening up synergy, Technology-driven and fashionable changes, will work together to promote high quality development of the world textile industry.
This World Conference gathered around 1200 people from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and cooperation in the global textile industry trends in the world economy.
Sun Ruizhe, head of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current pattern of labor, trade pattern and innovative patterns of global textile industry are undergoing deep adjustment. Textile industry has entered a new phase of globalization, innovation and responsible development technology, fashion the concept of development of green " is deepening.
Standing at the " Crossroads " of global textile transformation upgrade, sun ruizhe said, " for industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it requires the active participation of textile people around the world, and sharing benefits. PM
At the meeting, representatives of 45 countries and regions of the textile industry co-issued the world declaration of cloth merchants, which jointly set out the goals and vision for the development of the global
The World Declaration states that for the future, relevant countries will insist on opening up synergy, constantly promote interconnectivity between industries and markets, and improve the level of industrial chain development, and will adhere to technology driven and constantly strengthen basic research, applied research and technology transformation, together, improve the industrial base capacity; we will transform the strength fashion, fully play the role of textile clothing as cultural carrier and civilization bridges, and promote the industrial cultural value.
Loureno Bartholomei, President of the Brazilian Association of fashion designers, said that the publication of the world declaration of cloth businessmen helps countries to improve the development of textile industry and achieve sustainable textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, for example, the Brazilian Association of fashion designers has more than 130 High-end local clothing brands, designers dedicated to designing fashionable, high-end clothing products, and coqiao has all kinds of fine fabric via this cloth conference " we are also looking forward to building contact with the excellent vendors of coqiao for more cooperation opportunities. PM
As the site of the world cloth merchants conference, koqiao has the largest textile market in the world, and is currently building a new pattern of upgradual upgrades and opening to the outside world textile image of China's textile image. at the forefront of the world.
Koqiao District Committee Secretary Shen Zhijiang said that koqijiang will use this cloth business conference as an opportunity to push the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced, and win-win-win-win.
Reuters predicted mid-price of the yuan opened at 460 Yuan near 7.0883 Yuan.
The Middle Price of the yuan against the U.S. dollar is expected to open near $ 7.0883 on Friday, Reuters on Friday, according to the Chinese exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the Chinese Foreign Exchange Trading Center (Cfets).
Last day, the rmb closed at 7.1315 Yuan against the U.S. Dollar, while the middle price was 7.0729 Yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, 586 points of today's mid-price changes reflect market supply and demand impact, and another 27 points reflect the points needed for a basket to remain largely unchanged; there are 460 points the rise reflects the impact of " reverse cycle factor
Reuters predicted the median price of rmb against the U.S. Dollar, 218 points from the real value announced by the foreign exchange trading center.
Last day Reuters based on the intermediate price estimates released by cfets, the rmb exchange rate cfets index, reference sdr (SDR) Basket Index and reference BIS (Bank for international settlements) Basket Index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92. respectively.
Tianjin Zhou dafu, the first tallest tallest building in Northern China, completed more than national patent
The completion ceremony of zhou dafu financial center, the first tallest building in North China, was held in the afternoon of tianjin the afternoon of the tianjin the 26th, marking the project department of the dafu financial center of China's own development of the global engineering construction industry. Building Information Model of the global award for excellence - the collaborative management platform of the high precision bim model has been successful in skyscraper construction.
Tianjin Zhou dafu financial center is located in the economic and technological development zone of Tianjin City, the total construction area of 390 square meters, 4 Floors, 100 floors, with a height of 530 meters, including class a office and luxury apartment super five-Star Hotel, after completion, will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmarks complex.
The relevant director of the project department of the tianjin zhou dafu financial center of China, the whole project is over 70 million tons of steel, and the high altitude group is about 376 meters equivalent to 42.5 Zhumurama Peak Height, using welding wire can circle the earth 40 laps, the number of steel members up to 42000 and more than 50 % Non-standard components, which includes double-layer distorted angles of 90 degrees in the world tube elliptical section steel pipe column etc.
The complexity and processing difficulty of steel structure in zhou dafu project in tianjin is unprecedented.
Tianjin Zhou dafu financial center, tianjin has taken the lead to implement the management of building information model (BIM) management in the skyscraper project that has been built or under construction across the country.
Creative proposals and successfully implemented the "Three-BIM app" model of participation, full-professional application, and the process, developed a synergy management platform based on high precision bim models.
The Director said that during the construction of zhou dafu, the project department first carried out bim construction in the virtual world and carried out scientifically verified material physical construction, thus, thus, the problems of demolition and rework may arise during previous construction works. Extinction in the bud.
In 2017, the bim innovation of the zhou dafu financial center project won the first prize for global excellence in engineering industry at the 2017 Global Excellence Award for the global excellence award for engineering industry.
During the construction of the project, the project ministry created more than 130 National Patent results.
It is worth mentioning that the bim innovation and technological innovation push of the tianjin zhou dafu project, not only make the complicated and numerous construction sessions achieve excellence, but also shortened the construction period of more than four months, but also drives safety management. A big boost in terms.
Not long ago, Tianjin Zhou dafu financial center project also won the ISA International Security Award 2019
The 86th joint patrol on the Mekong River of China and old Myanmar was completed.
Reporter learned from the news office of Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau that at 15 p.m. on that day, 3 Chinese law enforcement boats and law enforcement of the 86th joint patrol of the taikong river between China and old Myanmar. 2 Laos law enforcement boats successfully docked in China's Guanli Harbor, marking a successful conclusion of the joint patrol enforcement operation.
The operation was launched on the 24th in guanli port, which lasted 4 DAYS AND 3 nights. A total of 136 law enforcement officers and 6 law enforcement boats were dispatched from the four countries.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug propaganda activities in key waters such as the golden triangle, Laos, Bangkok, mummo.
In addition, the Chinese side dispatched police field instructors to the lao people's Army 122 and 133 border guard companies to conduct an exchange of police practical combat skills, effectively improving the emergency response capability of both law enforcement officers from both sides.
The four countries of Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other about recent developments in border management, fighting drug crime and security situation in the Mekong River Basin, and to enhance information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation. Conduct negotiations, reach consensus; and organize cultural exchange activities in the four kingdoms, carry out competition projects such as football, iron ball, iron ball and tug-of war, effectively promote mutual understanding among law enforcement cooperation friendship among the four countries.
The relevant head of the water patrol team of Yunnan Provincial Public Security Bureau said that after this operation, the two sides will continue to conduct a 10-day joint training and joint tour mission to improve the mekong police rate. To fully maintain the security and stability of the mekong basin.
Thailand's commander said that since the launch of joint patrol law enforcement of the Mekong River, the four countries have been close interaction between the four countries, deepening pragmatic cooperation and have achieved fruitful results in law enforcement security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
I hope that the quartet law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen the expansion, work hard to open a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make a new contribution to maintaining
Iranian defense minister amir khatami declared on the 25th against any agreement with the west on Iran's missile program.
The Islamic Republic of Iran news agency quoted khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile force" would damage Iran's capability.
According to khatami, Iranian leaders are all in favour of improving missile projects.
Iran reached an agreement with Iran nuclear issue in 2015, the U.S. withdrew from the agreement last may and reinstate sanctions against Iran in an attempt to force Iran to renegotiate Iran's nuclear deal with the United States to limit Iran's weapons project and regional activities.
Some Western leaders took advantage of the un general assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Chancellor Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met in the margins of the general assembly on 23
The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after meeting urging Iran to engage in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendment" to the Iranian nuclear deal, if the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi is head of jury
As the only Chinese film, the only Chinese film, is the main contest unit of the 32th Tokyo International Film Festival, which opens on October 28 compete for the Tokyo International Film Festival's highest award - the Golden Kirin Award with 13 other shortlisted films.
"under the white clouds" is the 5th film directed by Professor Wang Rui, which tells the ordinary mongolian herdsman couple, due to the different pursuit of life. Actor Auspicious day, Tana starring.
It is reported that "under the clouds" will hold two global premiere events during this film festival, which will be on October 31 and November 3
The 32th Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October to November 5 this year at the six-28th of Tokyo, Hippi Valley, and more in the afternoon of September 26, film festival the committee held a press conference to announce the list of films such as the main competition unit, "future of Asia" Special Hospitality Works Japanese Cinema Splash, world focus
The Director of the competition film selection introduced the Chinese entry film " under the clouds
Zhang Ziyi is chairman of the international judge of the main competition unit of the film festival.
The "future of Asia" UNIT HAS 3 Chinese films
In the series of Tokyo International Film Festival units, it is only second to the "future of Asia" unit of the main contest film, although only 8 SHORTLISTED FILMS, 6 fewer than the main competition, there are 3 some Chinese films from mainland China and Hong Kong are shortlisted.
Two Hong Kong films are "baby revenge" directed by Lu, directed by Huang Qinghuang, starring film Emperor Kwok Fu Cheng and Miriam Yeung, a mainland film directed by yao xia. Night Knight.
In addition, the sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film, starring yu, Zhang Jingchu and lin pak Hong, will also be released at this film festival.
Film Festival spokesperson, "Goddess" Alice Hiroase, was absent from the press conference and delivered video remarks.
Famous Director Yamada Yamada.
At The Press Conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who just took office in August, director of the film festival, director of the film festival, and the director of the film festival, and the director of each unit, gave a speech on stage, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the film festival, etc. PM
As a special guest at the press conference, opening movie - the 50th production of tora-Tora-San's story: welcome back director yamada, two Japanese films named main contest unit director tsuka tsuka (Ballopola), Soyuki (comedy love story), and famous playwriter and screenwriter najima, also appeared in this press conference on participating in Tokyo film festival feeling.
The International Jury lineup of the main contest unit is composed of 5 members, with the judging panel chairman of China's Zhang Ziyi, and 4 others are American Producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gayer Danish Director Michael Noel, Japanese Director Hiroki Hiroki.
In addition, Tiffany (International Film Market), held in conjunction with Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held from October 22 to 24 at ikebukuro, and will be a record 401 record 401 group outlets, especially from China, reached 90, a surge of 6.4 times more than last year.
For this reason, Tiffany specially marked the opening day of October 22 as "China day" to hold several lectures, workshops, workshops, etc. and invited Japanese director ishi to participate in related activities. Welcome dinner is also co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda planet" and giant panda breeding research base expansion project opens
Xinhua News Agency Chengdu, September 27th (Reporter Li Qian Wei) Rich the giant panda culture theme tour route. Panda Base can accommodate 180 giant pandas, " Panda planet " and panda breeding research base expansion project work officially started in chengdu, which means the " Panda Capital " project planned to build in chengdu is officially launched.
The "Panda Capital" built in chengdu is composed of 3 areas of beihu district, dujiangyan district and longquanshan district, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
Planning combines the ecological, cultural value of giant pandas and beautiful livable park city in chengdu to create an eco-home.
The " Panda planet " belongs to the North Lake District, covering 35 square kilometers, combining industrial planning, will form a regional space structure of " 1 +N+X
1 Core attracts, the giant panda breeding research base was renovated and expansion project; n cultural tourism consumption scenes, i.e. panda town, leisure garden, dream garden, etc.
After the expansion of the giant panda breeding research base in chengdu, the scale will reach 3525 acres. The Overall location is a world-Class Giant Panda Protection Demonstration Site for people and animals.
The Park plan can accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (little pandas and golden monkeys).
According to a report by CCTV China's " news and newspaper digest several international politicians and embassadors congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China, highly valued the achievements of new China and its importance to global development. Meaning.
President Keita of mali said in an interview with CCTV reporter that he had visited China several times and that China has made amazing development over the past 70 years and benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend of the Chinese people, a sincere friend.
China has never developed selfishly, but opens its doors to the world, bringing the greatest happiness to the peoples of the world.
We wish all success in China, and I hope president xi jinping leads the great Chinese people to continue to achieve their dreams.
Happy birthday to China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: happy birthday to the people's Republic of China.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I'll never forget this day because it's also my birthday.
Recently (25th) Ambassadors from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the " great journey of great achievements - to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's Republic of China
Russia's ambassador to china denisov said: seeing the starting point of China's reform and opening-up policy is too much progress compared to today and more than 40 years ago.
In addition, my consulate and consulate in many countries have also held various activities in the area to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of new China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, baidu announced the launch of the trial operation of robotaxi fleet robotaxi on specific roads in changsha city, Hunan Province.
Self-driving startup ma zhixing also launched trial operations in Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxi, backed by the Chinese government, may expand everywhere.
Since 26th, baidu has been using 45 self-driving taxis for trial operations. Passengers in changsha city can apply for ride via a dedicated website.
There are "safety officers" on the driving seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road offering trial operation was 50 kilometers by the end of 2019, with plans to extend to 135 kilometers by the first half of
The vehicles are the red flag ev "Red Flag Ev" of China's pure electric car, with a system developed by baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
Baidu's Apollo plan, in addition to Toyota and Honda, German Volkswagen, Daimler, USA Ford, American Intel, Microsoft, USA, and English Verda. Multiple businesses participated.
Around China's self-driving taxi, China's largest online car service provider has released plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services outside shanghai suburbs this year.
China's autonomous driving development competition may become even more intense.
Taiwanese scholars suggest: "uncertain age" Taiwanese businessmen need to keep up with the development of mainstream industries
"2019 Taiwanese Business Model Forum" will be held in Taipei for two days in a row.
The event invited representatives of Taiwanese businessmen and academics to share their experiences on corporate transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The Forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of management and co-sponsored by groups such organizations such as yi jinding securities, outstanding mainland Taiwan Business Association.
The Two-day meeting was divided into a number of workshops on transformation and upgrade mode, business strategies, and more than people attended.
Chen Mingzhang, director of the Taipei Institute of management, said that trade friction between China (Mainland China) and Taiwanese businessmen face " uncertain times
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with time and keep up with the development of the mainland, with special attention to innovative products related to technology, culture, Tourism, and health.
" in the past, Taiwanese businessmen valued quality, effectiveness and delivery. PM
Chen mingzhang believes that the above conditions for Taiwanese businessmen are not enough now.
He pointed out that Taiwanese-owned companies should be both speed and service, speed up supply chain speed, and pay attention to extending services and life products services.
In addition, "service value added" is also a new area where Taiwanese businessmen can vigorous
Taiwanese Business Representatives speaking session, chairman xu wentang, chairman of Taiwanese businessman from guangdong, said that AMIA Electronics had caused operational difficulties due to sharp decline in orders. The group started to improve its structure, activation assets, etc.
Eliminate Traditional Electrical business, transform car Electronics, enter the smart home appliance industry. It took three years before the company to achieve revenue.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of sun (Zhuhai) Electronics co. Ltd, suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customer to provide " one
Customer replacing suppliers is nothing but poor service, high quality, low quality, slow delivery speed, low variety, integrity problems. As long as long as you solve these six points, plus transform the production line and expand the product category in time, the business will become customers replacement suppliers.
On the 27th, the award ceremony of "outstanding mainland Taiwan businessmen award 2019" also hosted by the Taipei Institute of management, was held in Taipei.
Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of the Shanghai-based golden land company, received the " Outstanding Taiwanese businessmen and cross-strait contribution award according to Taiwan economic daily.
New rules seeking advice: qualification for social capital to acquire rural land management rights
Social Capital Acquiring Rural Land Management rights needs qualified
[management of rural land management method] open for advice to regulate the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises
Yesterday, the ministry of agriculture and Rural Ministry's website issued a public consultation notice on the management of Rural Land Management System (Draft Amendment) (hereinafter referred to as the draft opinion), adding to social capital flows such as industrial and commercial enterprises. Regulation and risk prevention of operating rights.
[draft opinion] open to the community for comments.
The Ministry of agriculture and countryside said that in order to implement the newly revised rural land contract law, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the " Three-power distribution " System, the ministry of agriculture and rural land contracting " the operating rights transfer management method was revised to form the draft opinion.
The Beijing Youth Journal reporter learned that there are several important changes to the first published opinion draft.
The newly revised rural land contracting law defines the scope of land transfer, and implemented the concept of " three powers " three powers " with the special sections set up " land contracted management rights " and " Land Management Rights " to transfer land contracted, swap a clear distinction is made from the transfer of land management rights (rental, subcontracting, equity or otherwise).
In this draft opinion, in order to implement the concept of " three power sharing effectively responds to the main thrust of the rural land contracting act, and considering the transfer of land management rights and the exchange of land contracting rights, transfer to parties, there is a big difference in terms of regulation, this revision defines the circulation range, focusing on the transfer of land management rights, transfer methods including leasing, equity ownership, etc. The name of the regulations will be changed by " Rural Land contracted management method " for rural land management practices.
For the transfer of land contracted management rights, swap will introduce separate management methods.
The draft opinion states that under the background of " three power distribution farmers are only taking ownership rights to land for a limited period.
In Theory, even if there is a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers are only at risk of losing their operating rights for a certain period, so it is no longer legally necessary to return to the original contractor and it is in conflict with the bankruptcy law.
In order to protect against the risk of farmer s' land loss, there are methods such as preferred stocks, first renting, Repurchase, etc.
Considering that preference shares have been discussed in corporate law, it is recommended as an advocate rule to prevent the risk of loss.
