State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entered the old revolutionary base of Gannan.
From September 26th to 27th, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements of the theme of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission", the Central Military-civilian Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau, and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized "state-owned enterprises and superior private enterprises into Gannan The "Revolutionary Old Area" research activity revisits the history of revolution, traces the red footprint, inherits the red genes, develops the connection between related enterprises and the needs of Ganzhou City, and accelerates the development of the old revolutionary base area.
Jin Zhuanglong, executive deputy director of the Central Military and Civil Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, deputy minister of the Central United Front Work Department, secretary of the Party Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, executive deputy chairman, Zhang Kejian, director of the National Defense Science and Technology Bureau, Li Bingjun, deputy secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee, etc., participated in the survey.
The companies participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 civilian-owned state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 advantageous private enterprises such as Yanxiang Group.
In the meantime, the investigators visited the Memorial Park of the starting place of the Central Red Army Long March, commemorating the revolutionary martyrs, receiving the traditional education of the revolution, reviewing the difficult course of the Red Army during the Long March, on-site investigation of 7 enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou, held In the symposium, 8 cooperative projects were reached and on-site signing was conducted.
In the special symposium on research activities, Ganzhou introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating companies.
China Ordnance Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd. made statements on behalf of the Military Industry Corporation, Minkou State-owned Enterprises, Private Enterprises, and local enterprises, respectively, Said that it will continue to strengthen the docking work between state-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the scope of cooperation, help industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the development of high-quality revolutionary areas.
Through this investigation, we further understood the unique industrial development advantages of Gannan Revolutionary Old Area, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary base area at this stage, and strengthened the belief that state-owned and private enterprises serve the people and start their own businesses. The transformation of the former Central Soviet area, the adjustment of its structure, and the benefit of people's livelihood have played an important role in promoting the quality, efficiency, and power of economic development.
Beijing Market Supervision Department Carries out Comprehensive Law Enforcement before the Holidays
China News Service, Beijing, September 27 (Reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market law enforcement before the holiday, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau inspected more than 2,000 business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection shows that there are sufficient supplies of daily necessities such as grains, oils, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs, and milk on the market. The prices of commodities are basically stable. No serious violations of laws and regulations have been found, and the overall market operation order is stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the bureau carried out "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" activities throughout the city, focusing on key elements, key areas, price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other elements and all aspects of law enforcement Check and comprehensively regulate the order of market operations.
According to the introduction, five law enforcement teams of Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and drug, and business administration, cooperated closely, led by the heads of law enforcement agencies, and conducted joint law enforcement inspection on some randomly selected business entities in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement personnel focused on the inspection of price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The market supervision bureaus in all districts have also organized joint law enforcement inspections, mobilizing more than 1,600 law enforcement personnel and inspecting more than 2,000 households of various business entities. The inspection shows that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, egg, milk and other daily necessities sold by the market is sufficient, the commodity prices are basically stable, the operators are able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations of the law are found, and the overall market order is stable.
According to the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau, during the National Day, emergency duty will be strengthened, the market will continue to be inspected and inspected, and various types of market supervision issues will be dealt with quickly in accordance with the law. Once the business violations reported to the public are verified, they will be dealt with in accordance with the law and will be seriously safeguarded by consumers. Legal rights.
Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition Announced
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Contest with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was announced on the 26th at the Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences and held an award ceremony.
Zhong Sifa, a diplomat from the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, a representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council of Directors, and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, presented the awards to the honored guests.
According to Chai Keqing, the Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the contest lasted two months, and the participants were Cambodian school pupils, middle school students (including specialized students) and university students (including social personnel).
Diplomat Zhong Zhongfa of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia awarded Lin Weicai, the first prize winner in the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the elementary and middle school group, with award certificates.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were organized according to the university group and the primary and secondary schools. Cambodian senior Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee. Through the preliminary evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, the university group finally selected 1 first prize and 2 second prizes. , 3 third prizes, 10 excellent prizes; 1 first prize, 5 second prizes, 10 third prizes and 20 excellent prizes in the primary and middle school groups.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner in the university group, said that he has learned Chinese for 15 years and has had a huge impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia, and hope that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows guests and winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, you have the opportunity to express the emotion of "China in your heart" through the native language of your ancestry and win the award.
The organizer said that the contest not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to study Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reported on the 26th that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with the world's major powers in 2015.
According to foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that the advanced centrifuges in Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium".
Since US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement in May last year and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the 2015 nuclear agreement with major powers.
According to the agreement, Iran can only use the first generation IR-1 centrifuge to extract uranium.
The other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to the Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th, local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshihiro Mogi held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in the visiting United States, New York, and confirmed that it will promote the inclusion of the four northern islands (Japan-Russia disputed islands, known as "four northern islands" in Japan) , Russia calls "Southern Thousand Islands") Negotiations for peace treaties, including territorial issues, to develop relations between the two countries in a wide range of fields such as politics and economy. The two sides also reached agreement on coordinating Mogi's early visit to Russia.
This is the first consultation with Russia as the person in charge of the negotiation of the conclusion of a peace treaty after Mogi took office as foreign minister.
Mogi said to the Russian side, "Including the promotion of common economic activities (in the four northern islands), I hope to carry out effective consultations."
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit meeting in December 2018, the foreign ministers of the two countries were confirmed as the person in charge to accelerate negotiations.
At this meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in the consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Mogi expressed his expectation regarding the trial tourism business scheduled to be implemented in October: "I hope that the successful implementation will lead to the next step."
In addition, the meeting confirmed that Lavrov will cooperate with the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya in November.
Tuionetoa was elected Tonga's new prime minister.
Nuku'alofa news: South Pacific island country Tonga's parliament on the 27th elected the current minister of finance and national planning, Bohíva Tuyonetoa, as the new prime minister of Tonga, replacing former prime minister Aki who died of illness earlier this month Lisi Bohiva.
According to Tonga's main media MATANGI website, Tonga's parliament has a unicameral system and is composed of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote that day, Tuionetoa won 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Sicily Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy country and implements a system of separation of power between administration, legislation and justice.
Tuyonetoa also needs to accept the king's appointment.
The next Tonga parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup in advance!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back to the same city by their opponents in a two-game winning streak, and finally beat the Netherlands 3:1 to usher in a nine-game winning streak.
The schedule of the World Cup is nearing completion. Although the defending is on the horizon, the Chinese women's volleyball team cannot be taken lightly in the face of the Serbian team.
In the first two rounds of the match with the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever. They went to the two cities at 25:19 and 25:16 respectively. Until the third round, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the offensiveness of the serve in a backward situation. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. Coupled with the girls' eagerness to attack, the mistakes also began to increase. Eventually, they were pulled back to the city by 21:25.
After the game, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third game, we gave about 8 points for mistakes."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although one game was lost, everything was still under the control of Lang Ping. It's also normal, so we told the team members to be focused," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth game, the players actively adjusted their status. Zhang Changning fully fired on the offensive end and scored 8 points in a single game, making great contributions to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11-round confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound the alarm for the Chinese women's volleyball team against the Dutch team: the more critical moment, the The more you have to go all out.
In another game on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played 5 innings. The US team failed to take all three points from its opponents. As a result, as long as the Chinese women volleyball team took all three points against Serbia, The defending can be achieved one round in advance.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although the Serbia team's six main players are all missing, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the form of the current standings, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can "light up" in the game against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down the burden to fully impact the opponent, and the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship. Instead, there may be ups and downs.
In addition, the replacement Serbia team is not a lamb of "slaughtering". In the previous battle with the Dutch team, the two sides fought 5 games. The Serbian second team finally reversed the Dutch main lineup 3:2, which shows the thickness of the lineup. deep.
Before the start of the third stage of the game, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams are not easy to deal with: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare carefully as always."
Now the defending horn has been blown, and the game has really entered the "scorching stage".
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponents, but it is the last crucial moment. It also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and free themselves on the field.
The University of Macau today (27) held the "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium", attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau and other countries and regions engaged in the research of "foreign stem cells" College teachers and students share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research.
Australian Vice President (Research) Ge Wei said that stem cell research has medical value and is also one of the key research projects of Australian University. This seminar will help promote the research and development of Macau in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, AU is committed to building a talent training base and a technology innovation center on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
This symposium brought together experts in stem cell research at home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote the research and development of stem cells in Macau.
Deng Chuxia, Dean of the University of Australia Health Sciences Institute, said that the University of Australia has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also significantly improved the number and quality of papers. The University of Australia has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Translation, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture systems to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cells, Chinese Academy of Sciences, from single cells He and the molecular level explain the spatial and temporal changes in cell lineage decisions and tissues after implantation of mouse embryos; Wang Yong, a professor at Pennsylvania State University, shows you how to use biomaterial hydrogels to simulate stem cell micronesics to facilitate survival and delivery.
The vice president (research) Xu Renhe of Australia University School of Health Sciences, assistant dean Chen Guokai and associate professor Wang Chunming of Australia University Chinese Medical Research Institute also introduced their latest important achievements.
The "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium" was organized by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-organized by the Chinese Medicine Research Institute of the University of Macau and the State Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macao, and Chen Gongan, acting senior manager of the Macau Science and Technology Development Fund, participated in the meeting.
There are 11 academic reports in the seminar, including embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, stem cell mechanism research and transformation applications, biological materials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm. Participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on related technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation between stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions, and also provided valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be grandly held.
With the approval of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be held in the Great Hall of the People at 10 am on September 29.
The CPC Central Committee General Secretary, State President, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping will confer the Medal of the Republic and the Medal of Friendship and the Medal of Honor for the National Medal and National Honor respectively, and deliver important speeches.
Approved by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be grandly held at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 10 am on September 29.
This is the "Order of the Republic".
The "Republic Medal" is mainly composed of red and gold. The chapter body adopts national emblem, five-pointed star, yellow river, Yangtze River, mountain peak, peony and other elements. The chapter chain adopts Chinese knot, Ruyi, orchid and other elements. The whole uses cold press molding, filigree inlay, The production of enamel and other crafts symbolizes the great contributions made by the medal winners to the construction and development of the Republic, praising the highest honor of the country, blessing the prosperity of the motherland, and symbolizing the Chinese dream of the unity of people of all ethnic groups in the country to build a great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the "Order of Friendship".
The Medal of Friendship is dominated by gold and blue. The body of the chapter uses peace dove, earth, handshake, lotus and other elements. The chapter chain uses Chinese knots, evergreen, peony, jade bi, bluegrass and other elements. The whole use of filigree inlay and filigree enamel Such traditional handicrafts are hand-made, symbolizing the friendship and unity and friendship between the Chinese people and peoples of other countries, and wishing all countries of the world prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The national honorary title medals are mainly red and gold. The body of the chapter is five-star, Tiananmen, peony, flag, light and other elements. The chapter chain is made of Chinese knots and flowers. The whole process is made by cold pressing, filigree inlay and enamel. It symbolizes the important contributions made by the recipients of the national honorary title in various fields and industries, demonstrates the role of the model, inspires people of all ethnic groups throughout the country to not forget their original intentions, keep in mind the mission, and work tirelessly to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
CCTV and Xinhuanet will broadcast the awarding ceremony live. People's Daily, CCTV, China.com and other central key news sites will be synchronized with new media platforms such as Renmin Daily Client, Xinhua News Agency Client, and CCTV News Client. broadcast.
Stoltenberg said in a speech at the United States Military Academy at West Point: "For 70 years, NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological superiority."
He said, but times are changing.
Stoltenberg said: "We are facing increasing competition.
Therefore, we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will exceed us. "
He said: "Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in dictatorships.
Chinese companies are working on 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24th, the "One Boat Ticket Takes Me to See" Love Helping Disabled event was held in Changsha Orange Island. More than 100 people with disabilities from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River. Celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 people with disabilities participating in this event boarded the cruise for the first time.
56-year-old Zhao Zhengang is a handicapped person. Due to inconvenient movement of his feet, he rarely goes out.
He said: "I took a cruise for the first time today, admiring the magnificence of the Xiangjiang River up close and feeling the pulse of Changsha's development. I am very excited and unforgettable. "
Volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided meticulous services for people with disabilities.
Especially for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them up and down the cruise.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that with the support of the party and the government, the disabled people in Changsha City have continuously developed and progressed in the past 70 years, and more and more disabled people have truly become participants, contributors and enjoyrs of social and economic development As a result, caring for the disabled and caring for the cause of the disabled have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary, and the spotlights of various media are shining brightly, so that many images that we don't usually remember are shining-it is them, for our shining days, they are inexhaustible. Come heat, bring light source...
However, if the hero walks around, it seems ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping, devoted to rice research, bred elite varieties and cultivated the world, so that billions of people no longer have the risk of hunger and great achievements. Weng is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the field; Nanren Dong, the chief scientist who deliberately made China's "eyes of heaven" angry, only one thing in his life, one life, one pot. He chews cold buns in the deep mountains of Guizhou, just like the old man in Zhaizi. Zhou Ruchang, Red School Home, a village boy who was very enlightened late, still like Chi Zi when he was old, studied Chinese and Western, with a disheveled white hair, talking about learning to the heart of the meeting, like to laugh loudly; Qin Yi, a movie that is halfway through the sky The artist, who is over 90 years old, also bumps six or seven hours a day on the plateau for rehearsal, and is happy to play an unknown old maidservant in "Demon Cat Biography"...
They are benevolent, live simple, simple, and persistent. As long as they are immersed in the cause that outsiders can't understand and they cherish themselves, they will easily be happy, and they don't care about the recklessness and wealth.
Just like in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk in the Shaolin Temple's Tibetan Classics Pavilion, although embracing martial arts, is not dazzling, unkind, and joyless.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red-hearted hearts, has behind him a homeland for others.
The homeland is not only on the shoulders of the heroes, but also on the palms of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, a female junior high school student was madly turned by netizens, "When a hero passes by, there must always be someone sitting on the road applauding... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting on the road applauding."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
Those who applaud by the roadside are also transferring heat and light, and they are also luminous bodies.
Ordinary is like you, like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are moments, there is a kind of accumulation, and it is also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Shanghai Excellent Judge Zou Bihua, who shoulders the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, has sent the teacher of the communication room to tell his story at the annual meeting. He has sent and received countless newspaper letters a year, and he has never made mistakes. "Doing simple things is not easy.", Zou Bihua led the judges to send the applause to the old "sweeping monk" send and receive.
This is a sympathy between heroes, and one hero is applauding another hero.
The sweeping monk has the Shaolin Temple Tibetan scripture pavilion, Yuan Longping has the vast rice experiment field, Nanrendong has the "eyes of heaven", Qin Yi has the stage, Zhou Ruchang has the forum... Can you be a hero, not only by your own efforts, but also by good Environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "Chinese Sky Eye" is now a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese science and technology community was still climbing hard, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Body".
At that time, the most powerful "eye" was the single-sided caliber radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico Island in the United States-Arecibo, with a diameter of 350 meters, which is considered to be the most "insurmountable" in the world.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less than one-tenth the diameter.
However, Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insists on returning to China, bringing back an almost crazy idea: building a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
China is a waste of life, is it a huge investment to play the stars?
The motherland trusts Nan Rendong, and the "Sky Eye" project kicks off.
It took 12 years to select the site, and another 9 years after the project was completed.
With the opening of the 500-meter-diameter "Sky Eye", China has made a "big scientific project unique in the world" that has no precedent to follow.
Therefore, the "Sky Eye" is remarkable, the Nanrendongs are amazing, and the Republic with great capacity and standing far away is amazing.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanrendong had the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
There are young talents and white-haired heroes walking by, and there are people applauding gently by the roadside. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Waste sorting education enters Jilin Kindergarten for the first time
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province conducted a garbage classification education class, teaching children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that waste sorting has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Jilin Provincial Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste".
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot of household waste compulsory classification in Changchun City, the province decided to carry out domestic waste classification in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we can achieve the effect of using young children to drive the family and kindergarten to drive the society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Faner International Kindergarten, who held the event, said.
On that day, the head of the school read out the environmental protection proposal, hoping that the waste sorting will start with the children.
After the children performed the "Low Carbon Babe" dance, they started a small game of garbage sorting in groups.
The instructor also issued "recyclable" and "other garbage" labels, suggesting that the children stick the labels to the trash can and record a small video when they return home.
Liu Lijuan said that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low-carbon, green and environmental protection, and regularly opened environmental lectures.
Sortable trash cans are also set up at the garbage dumps in the park, and the dumping categories are marked on them.
Teacher teaches children what is recyclable garbage Photo by Cang Yan
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of urban domestic waste generated in Jilin Province in 2018 was about 5,465,200 tons, all of which went to domestic waste disposal sites for treatment.
Among them, 3.293 million tons of sanitary landfill, 2.0923 million tons of incineration, and a comprehensive utilization process of 80,100 tons.
After years of hard work, all cities and counties in the province have the ability to harmlessly dispose of domestic waste.
The "Working Plan for Promoting the Classification and Disposal of Municipal Domestic Waste in Jilin Province" has been issued, which clearly requires in-depth activities such as garbage classification into campuses, teaching materials, classrooms, etc., through the creation of garbage classification songs, songs, comics, micro videos, etc. The work strengthens the interaction between students and parents to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community, and cultivating a new generation."
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117,015.
Due to the impact of insufficient new car launches and reduced price cuts, sales in China decreased by 21%.
Japan's domestic sales decreased by 6%, and the demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
In August, Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China.
August 2018 also decreased by 13% from the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
The sales of "CX-4", the main SUV dedicated to China, decreased by 14%.
A long time has passed since the launch of "CX-4" in 2016, and the effect of new cars has declined.
The reduction of price cuts due to a long-term strategy to increase brand value has been reported to have a significant impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year-on-year to 27,482, a 14-month increase.
In August, the seller's business day was one day longer than the previous year, and the "strengthen promotion and other promotional activities" (Mazda) increased the sales volume of the SUV "CX-5".
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6% to 14,422 units.
The company said that the emergency panic buying before the tax increase "has not reached the level it was last time (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
Chirac's death
On the 26th local time, former French President Chirac died suddenly at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is undergoing a major change that has not been seen in a hundred years, the French politician's many political legacy left in power that year still deserve our praise.
Chirac served as French President for 12 years in a very personal way.
He not only inherited the independent spirit of Charles de Gaullism, but also firmly supported European integration, and was a representative of the pursuit of the "European Dream".
At the same time, he also vigorously advocates world multipolarization and multilateralism and is a politician with a strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media commented that he was "the distinguished representative of France on the world stage".
One of Chirac's relishing political decisions is to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France and Germany withstood the pressure of the United States and walked at the forefront of the anti-war.
A year after the outbreak of war, he predicted that the Iraq war would increase terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was very correct.
At a time when European integration has fallen into anxiety and American unilateralism has become more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes Chinese people feel familiar and kind.
He was one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of Sino-French relations. After being elected as French president for the first time in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with a politician's strategic vision.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France have entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France has grown rapidly, and the two countries have made breakthrough progress in cooperation in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transportation and other fields.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac created a brand new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's love for Chinese culture during his life was particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who knew him, Chirac was able to recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and he could even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"It is not true that you have not been to Egypt without seeing the pyramids, and you have not been to China without seeing the Qin figurines." - This golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters, Chirac said: "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, ecological problems arising from China's economic growth, and China's international political status.
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I think that China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is enough to help it establish the concept and values ​​of achieving harmonious development, and take its long-term responsibility on the world stage. "
I also think that China's revival will bring new creative energy to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Sri Lankans have gone, but Chirac's political legacy and revelation to the world will survive forever.
The "Seventh China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference" with the theme of "Digital Convergence Valley, Wisdom Enjoying the Future" was unveiled in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly a thousand experts and scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research pay attention to big data hot spots Research problems and interpret the technological progress of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF), jointly organized by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, organized 5 invited reports and 188 forum reports, and established 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums, focusing on The research results of the basic theories of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology will be discussed and discussed.
The CCF big data academic conference aims to strengthen the contact and exchange between domestic and foreign scholars in the field of big data, promote the multi-disciplinary integration and the development of the big data industry. After 7 sessions, it has developed into a scientific research achievement exchange, the most domestic Affected by big data academic conferences, the content of the conference is extended to basic theories, technical applications and other fields.
The Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council formed a joint delegation of members to oppose the US-related Hong Kong bill
Some members of the Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "2019 Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Bill" by the Foreign Committees of the US Senate and the House of Representatives.
This statement, signed by 40 formed members of Parliament, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are conferred by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong SAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs zone, in economics, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, and culture. , Sports, and other fields, in the name of "Hong Kong, China" with different countries and regions in the world trade, cooperation and development relations, signed and implemented bilateral and multilateral agreements.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly abided by international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics. It has established commerce with different countries and regions and participated in cooperation in many related fields.
The statement said that the passage of relevant bills by the Foreign Committees of the US House of Representatives and the House of Representatives was not necessary, but was in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and obtaining political bargaining for its agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the formed faction deeply regret the move by the American Association and strongly oppose it.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment, and clean society make it a good location for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, it will not only hurt the interests of Hong Kong and the United States, but also worsen Sino-US relations. It will do no good to harm others.
The statement stated that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the "One Country, Two Systems" policy, continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law, and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make due contributions to the international community and international business.
According to the "European Times" report on the 26th, the two houses of the French Parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone", but at the same time it must strive to "properly accept".
According to reports, Macron tried to find a compromise route in immigration matters to slow the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, Macron said in an interview during the general debate of the UN General Assembly in New York that he hopes to have a real "two-pronged" approach to immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Macron said: "If France wants to accept (immigration) properly, it cannot accept everyone."
Macron cited four key points of immigration policy: granting asylum qualifications to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting the integration of immigrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all immigrants entering French territory; relocating illegally into France and not suitable for stay people.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the subject of the most discussions before.
Macron said he hopes to "evaluate" the system, but does not cancel it but restricts it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right "National League", tweeted that Macron's position was "empty talk."
The right-wing Republican party member and Senate President Raschel also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face to reality" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
The leftist Socialist MP Varau believes that on immigration, France should "accept more and better" and criticize Macron's "manipulation" of this issue.
The report pointed out that the new version of the "Asylum and Immigration Law" has been promulgated for one year, which has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it is unable to appease the right opposition party.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of the far-right attack. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but at the same time it will also risk angering the left-wing people within the ruling party.
According to reports, the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, and the Senate will debate from October 2.
There are signs that China's A shares are ushering in a "repurchase wave", and many listed companies have come up with "real money" to repurchase company stocks.
According to the statistics of financial data service provider Oriental Fortune, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, creating A-share repurchase funds The historical high of volume.
In this regard, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Kerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market this year is low, and the repurchase of shares at a relatively low price is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of capital use The willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and sufficient cash flow conditions will help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued implementation rules for the repurchase of shares by listed companies, which provided detailed rules and guidelines for listed companies to repurchase shares.
According to media statistics, since this year, listed companies that have implemented share buy-back plans are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, real estate industry, information technology industry, and electronic equipment manufacturing.
In addition, from the point of view of the repurchase payment amount, there are 6 listed companies whose repurchase amount exceeds 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, Yili shares ranked first, with a repurchase amount of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchased shares of listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, deputy dean of the School of Finance and Economics of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with the China News Service that the repurchase on the one hand shows that the listed company has strong economic strength and good financial status, and has the ability to maintain stock price stability, giving investors confidence. ; On the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, for the market, and for investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires the listed company and its controlling shareholders to have a higher quality.
For the capital market, this is the most basic element.
The repurchase of stocks by listed companies will help boost investor confidence and have a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the estimation of the Oriental Securities Research Report, based on the estimated number of stock repurchases set by the A-share listed companies since the beginning of this year and the average transaction price of the stocks repurchased, the incremental capital brought by the stock repurchase this year to the A-share market It is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
It took nearly two months to complete the restoration work of the large mural "Tianhou Sacred Map" of the Tianhou Palace in Tianjin, the national key cultural protection unit, and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
"Tianhou Sacred Map" is a large-scale traditional mural that fully reflects the life of Mazu.
Approved by relevant state departments, it was drawn by Cai Changkui, former director of Tianjin Folk Custom Museum (Tianhou Palace) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north palace walls of the main hall of Tianhou Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into upper and lower parts. It is used for more than 30 stories such as the birth of the queen, the crossing of the sea, and the ascension of the feather. Personal figures reproduce the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "one wet and one dry" caused the murals to crack, and the cracked parts accounted for 60% of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of the deeds of Mazu, the Management Committee of Ancient Culture Street and the Tianhou Palace of Nankai District of Tianjin City have initiated the restoration of the murals of the Tianhou Palace hall and the hall.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and invited four famous Chinese painters to participate together.
The restoration work is based on the principle of'repairing the old as old', and at the same time, the original murals have been partially adjusted, and the areas where the murals were not perfect are supplemented and restored.
During the restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in colors, materials, pens and inks.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were maintained.
The Tianhou Palace was built in 1326, formerly known as the Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Niangniang Palace. It has been rebuilt several times and is the oldest building complex in the urban area of ​​Tianjin. It is also one of the earliest surviving Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the commissioning ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was grandly held.
The shape of the terminal building of Beijing Daxing International Airport implies "Phoenix spreads its wings" and is hailed as the head of the "Seven Wonders of the New World".
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded. Last year, it carried 100 million+ passengers and became the second airport in the world to have an annual passenger throughput of more than 100 million passengers after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is estimated that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights; by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million passengers, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As "Xinuomen", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province, with a straight-line distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square. It is currently the largest new airport in the world.
The projected area of ​​the steel structure of the roof of the terminal building is 180,000 square meters, which is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world’s first terminal with two arrival and two departure floors — F1-F4 are international arrivals, domestic arrivals, domestic departures, and international departures.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high-speed and the airport outside the terminal building corresponds to the terminals F3 and F4 respectively-the upper floors for international departures and both floors for domestic departures.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "dual airports".
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development, and a comprehensive transportation hub in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region that supports the construction of the Xiong'an New District. Up to now, a total of 66 airlines intend to settle in Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 Airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines, all airlines have been approved for flight schedules.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes; it covers 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This has formed a "dual hub" airport structure with Beijing Capital International Airport's coordinated development, moderate competition, and world-class competitiveness, which not only eases the operating pressure of Capital Airport's capacity saturation, but also better meets the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas The urgent need to effectively enhance the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport has fully considered the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. The airport runway has adopted the "omnidirectional" layout for the first time in China, using the world's largest air traffic control automation system and establishing China's largest terminal control area can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
Airports of this scale in China have used the domesticized baggage automatic processing and information management system for the first time, and adopted an innovative baggage transmission mode to improve the baggage system processing efficiency.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralds a cool take-off of Phoenix's wings.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a localization rate of over 98%, will surely have a direct and indirect economic impact on industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
MCA tentatively convenes conference in November, plans to be reduced to party age to 16
MCA tentatively convenes the Central Congress in early November, and intends to revise the party constitution to lower the party age to 16 years.
As Congress passed a cut in the voting age for general elections, MCA announced that it would hold the 66th Central Congress this year and proposed proposals to revise the party constitution, including a reduction in MCA's age for joining the party, from the existing 18 to 16 years old.
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang said that the MCA Central Committee was originally scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year. However, due to the by-election of the Tanjung Biai National Assembly seat, the date of the conference may be Changed.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and voting day of the Tanjung Biai National By-election, they will meet on the next day, on October 2, to discuss whether to change this year’s Central Congress date.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the Congress and to amend the party constitution. It just happened to happen to the Indigenous Unity Party Tanjung Biai Member of Parliament Datuk Mohammad Law died unfortunately, so he joined Agenda for the matter of by-election of this seat.
Former Secretary of Shandong Shouguang County Party Committee Wang Boxiang — Qiang County Fumin Chizi Heart-Xinhua Net
Wang Boxiang, born in Shouguang, Shandong, was born in February 1943. He joined the work in 1967 and has held positions of secretary of the township party committee, secretary of the county party committee, and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang served as secretary of the Shouguang County Party Committee in Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During his 5 years in Shouguang, Wang Boxiang held three things with the heart of the people in mind: one is to promote the industrialization of vegetables; the other is to develop the Shoubei saline beach; the third is to lay the foundation for the industry to turn over and let Shouguang people from now on Bulging up his pockets, he raised his waist.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of vegetable cultivation and have also learned the lessons of vegetable cultivation.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers planted vegetables and harvested them, but they couldn't sell them and rotted into the ground.
Wang Boxiang's investigation found that the key to grasping vegetables is to improve circulation.
Shouguang pioneered the establishment of a vegetable wholesale market, which opened the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party cadres should take the lead and mess up, and all losses will be borne by the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members including Sanyuan Zhucun Wang Leyi and other 17 party warm-up vegetable greenhouses were built. In that year, 17 “double ten thousand households” appeared in the village.
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion team. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured and guided in various towns and towns. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable greenhouses were promoted, and then the vegetable greenhouses were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, the 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, besides the saline-alkali beaches, are shallow beaches.
The local people's lives are very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable greenhouse, what should Shoubei do?
Wang Boxiang organized more than 100,000 people to engage in a general battle and set up camps on the barren beaches for four to fifty days.
The leading cadres of Wang Boxiang and the county are all on the construction site. They are like a migrant worker. They are burdened by carts, and have dinner and sleep. When the people see them, they all extend their thumbs and admire in their hearts... At that time, Shoubei developed a 150,000 mu shrimp pond , 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields have been developed on the saline-alkali beaches.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang City Industrial Conference as the secretary of the county party committee for the first time.
During the meeting, a "Comparative Table of Industrial Economic Numbers in 12 Counties and Districts of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is not bad, ranking fourth.
But if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang led a group of more than 70 people and went to the field to "change his mind".
Less than a year after returning, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Every year since then, a "learning group" has been organized to go to Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai to learn.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over the convening of a special meeting: public selection of plant manager managers in the county, and 40 "competent talents" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was appointed vice mayor of Weifang.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "ten thousand households", and a cadre team recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our Boxiang Secretary".
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi chaired the Foreign Ministers’ Meeting of China and the African Member States of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The current African Council member Côte d’Ivoire’s Foreign Minister Tano, Equatorial Guinea’s Foreign Minister Oyono, South African Foreign Minister Pandor, and the candidate member Niger’s Foreign Minister Carla, Tunisian Foreign Minister Jesinavi attended the meeting.
Wang Yi made four suggestions on strengthening China-Africa cooperation in the Security Council.
First, rely on unity for strength.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are challenged, and the role of the United Nations is impacted, harming the interests of the vast number of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To cope with this challenge, China and Africa need to work hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder, so unity can have strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries spoke with one voice, and the focus was not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow up and influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China and the African members of the Security Council have established a "3+1" coordination mechanism, and we must make full use of this coordination mechanism.
Second, resolve disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated political solutions to hotspot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation, and also has successful mediation experience in African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the Security Council’s agenda, especially African hotspots, are mostly the root cause of colonialism, and some are directly related to external factors.
We should make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self-reliance for self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best, and Africa also has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Security Council should focus on listening to and respecting Africa’s wishes, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with the African side and resolutely advance the capacity building of African independent peace operations.
Fourth, rely on development to govern fundamentally.
Both China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We must insist on giving top priority to economic and social development and support each other's choice of development path.
China is willing to closely link the “Belt and Road Initiative” with the African Union’s 2063 Agenda, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries enhance their development capabilities and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We must work together to promote the United Nations to increase investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has once again erupted. China has and will continue to give full support, provide human and material assistance within its capacity, and is willing to coordinate operations with African countries to mobilize the United Nations and WHO to increase assistance and give full play to the United Nations. The role of the Congolese stabilization mission.
The neonatal department and other relays saved small lives.
thrilling!
A pregnant mother with a second child had an early attack. On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby could not wait to be born on the father's car.
Fortunately, obstetrics and neonatal doctors handled it in time, and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the Obstetrics Department and the Neonatal Department of the Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province received three premature babies on the road for 3 consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 ambulances. Both are premature babies at 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng is a pregnant mother with a second child. At 7 a.m. on September 19th, she felt a little pain in her stomach, thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant, and the first child was born prematurely. She packed up the products to be prepared and went to the hospital after bathing .
After 9:30, Ms. Cheng packed it properly and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Unexpectedly, the baby was born on the father's car co-driver soon after the car left the house.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The hospital security officer saw the panicked couple and baby and immediately notified the maternity delivery room. Deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and four other doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan took the delivery bag and umbilical cord tray and rushed downstairs.
"At that time, the parturient was lying halfway on the car's co-driver, with amniotic fluid and blood water underneath. A baby boy was next to it, with an umbilical cord attached. "
Zhang Huan asked that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. The parents didn't have time to cover the child on the way. The early autumn morning was already cool. He was cold and pale, without crying, and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the co-driver to deal with the baby's umbilical cord, Zhang Huan went in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped the child's warmth with the therapeutic towel and the bag cloth of the delivery bag, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (Pictured), and then took the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
When the neonatologist heard the news, he rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby's complexion turned purple, and there was suffocation and hypoxia. The doctor immediately gave him an intubation tube. Within a minute, the baby recovered his heartbeat, and his skin color gradually returned to rosy, and the recovery was successful.
After admission, the 32-week-old baby got on the invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he had successfully withdrawn the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatology department of the hospital received 3 premature babies on the road for 3 consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 ambulances, both 29 Zhou's premature infants are currently actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of the obstetrics department of the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, the provincial women and children have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. If this situation is not handled properly, it may threaten the safety of the mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant women should come to the hospital immediately if they have abdominal pain, broken water, or redness.
In case of birth at home or on the road, the mother should lie in a supine position as much as possible. You can put a blanket under the hips to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery and be sent to the nearest hospital as soon as possible.
Yuexin Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the cooperation memorandum signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam’s first joint aircraft maintenance and repair company.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore have cooperated to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company's associate, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the world's largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both parties, and is also the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for both parties in the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering share rich experience, which will help associates to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to the safety of airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines join the market of deep maintenance and repair of aircraft equipment in the direction of Shenzhen and Guangzhou.
At the same time, we have a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27th Recently, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the "Global Manufacturing Innovation Index White Paper" in Hefei, Anhui.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum of the World Manufacturing Conference 2019" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrade. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of corporate practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property in the manufacturing sector, discussed in depth the hot topics of intellectual property protection in manufacturing, and continued to enhance intellectual property rights. The high-quality application ability accelerates the construction of the advantages of intelligent upgrading of the manufacturing industry.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and offer suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation and Development of Patent Navigation in Anhui Province". According to the measurement results of the patent navigation regional innovation high-quality development index, the 2018 Anhui Province Patent Navigation Regional Innovation High-quality Development Index It ranks eighth among 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities nationwide, and the innovation factor aggregation index ranks fourth nationwide.
This forum is sponsored by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly undertaken by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019 China Open is unveiled today, many Olympic champions take part in the opening ceremony
Many Olympic champions will participate in the opening ceremony. Audience will sing "Me and My Motherland" together with the Junior Choir
The 2019 China Open will be officially kicked off at the National Tennis Center today. The organizing committee will hold a brief and solemn opening ceremony before the evening first game. A number of Olympic champions and sports celebrities will gather At the Diamond Stadium, guests and spectators attending the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Country" together with the children of the Junior Choir.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will be a good place for fans to spend their holidays.
Since its establishment in 2004, the China Tennis Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn seasons, and this is the 16th time this year.
The total prize money of this year's China Open is also a record high, reaching 11.16 million US dollars.
Among them, the total prize money of the women's crown game is 7.64 million US dollars. Compared with the two championships of Indian Wells and Miami, the latter two women's singles games are 96 signed, while the Chinese Open is 60. So for the players It is said that the participation of China Open seems to be more "cost-effective".
The total prize money of the China Open Men's ATP500 points competition is a record high, increased from US$3.4 million last year to US$3.52 million. The number of prizes continues to lead the ATP500 points competition, while the total prize money of the ATP500 competition held in Tokyo the same week is 2 million. About US dollars.
Before the first game scheduled for the Central Stadium tonight, there will be a brief and grand opening ceremony.
In addition to leaders and some players, there will be ten leaders from various fields in the Chinese sports industry, including many Olympic champions and world champions.
The first game of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round match. China’s Jinhua Peng Shuai played against Russian player Kasa Jinna. The next second game was challenged by American rookie Sofia Kenning in 2015. The women's singles champion Mugu Raza opened the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British "Subway News", Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that the British princess Beatrice and Mozi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and the ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She is ranked fifth in the heir order of the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unprecedented in the world." "Marry a princess".
The Duchess of York posted her daughter’s engagement photo on the social network on the 26th and said: “We are very happy to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozi are engaged. ”
The British said they were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
The two said in a statement that we are very happy to share the news of the engagement.
We are so excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life, we can’t wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and concepts, which will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th, Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial of a new free throw rule. Each free throw is only shot once, and the score is determined by the foul.
O'Neal has a very low percentage of free throws among NBA stars.
The new regulations stipulate that two-point shooting fouls can be scored 2 points, three-point shooting fouls can be scored 3 points, fouls and penalties can be scored 1 point.
In the last two minutes of regular time and overtime, the rules of the previous free throws are used.
Although this regulation will only be tested in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on the current players if the regulation is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new regulations may be beneficial to Harden, and James, who is relatively poor in free throws, will be "stricken."
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a maximum subsidy of 20 million yuan
The reporter learned on the 27th from the series of press conferences on the "Let's commend the New China Welcome to the Military Games" held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office that this year, the city has accelerated industrial intelligent transformation and implemented a transformation grant of up to 20 million yuan. Measures.
So far, more than 800 industrial enterprises above designated size have collected information on the needs of intelligent transformation.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Municipal Bureau of Economics and Information Technology, introduced that from this year, Wuhan will launch an industrial enterprise intelligent transformation action plan to provide free consultation and diagnosis services and propose solutions for industrial enterprises above designated size, and comprehensively promote a new round of high-tech Technological transformation of hierarchical enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan City publicly selects a group of professional diagnostic service agencies every year, and conducts intelligent transformation demand surveys for all industrial enterprises above designated size in the city by opening columns, questionnaire surveys, and door-to-door reports.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises have collected intelligent transformation needs information, accounting for nearly one-third of the city's industrial enterprises above designated size.
Five city-level diagnostic platforms have organized teams to settle in enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site assessment and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that the city is currently organizing 373 intelligent transformation projects with a planned total investment of 29.76 billion yuan, Hongxin Communication’s first 5G intelligent production line in Central China, Motorola’s nationwide leading smartphone production line, and Wuhan Siemens Transformer Digital Unmanned Factory , The first batch of satellite production lines in the country, aerospace science and technology, Huisheng Biological's world-leading new intelligent production line for veterinary medicine, Opel smart home intelligent production line and other batches of industry-leading smart workshops and smart factories have started construction.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased financial and financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment will be completed according to their actual conditions; including investment in equipment hardware and R&D soft investment, a transformation subsidy of 8% and a maximum of 20 million yuan will be granted.
At the same time, it actively cooperated with financial institutions such as the Bank of Communications and the Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously ease the pressure on corporate financing.
Trudeau "man-made collapse", can he succeed in re-election?
This time it was Trudeau who dug out of Trudeau's "big pit".
Recently, the Canadian media has exposed several old photos of the current Prime Minister Trudeau. In the photo, Trudeau has dressed himself as a black person.
This is considered to be an obvious act of racial discrimination, and it immediately caused uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian people do not pay much.
Trudeau was a stone and hit his foot.
As noted by political commentator Riley and others, since the rise of the “anti-blackface movement” from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been accusing high-profile accusations of opposition parties or dissidents within their own party who “have suffered a major loss in this regard. ", and repeatedly threatened that "whoever commits this error should be expelled immediately."
To put it simply, this time Trudeau stumbled out of the "big pit", it was Trudeau himself dug a little bit.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. He had a whirlwind of "political idols" when he debuted.
He was originally a "political amateur". After he took over as the leader of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 federal legislative elections in Canada-the Federal Liberal Party had more than half of the seats in the lower house of the federal government and obtained the valuable right to form a cabinet. .
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnicity and gender equality", "ecological and environmental protection" and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the prevention of corruption and "unjust wind".
However, in his five years in power, he has been stubborn in almost all of the above areas, "high and low."
Taking the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality" as an example, ignoring the "black face" incident, he had previously "spoken but inaccurate" on a series of issues related to indigenous peoples, which led to the establishment of indigenous groups and leaders in Canada. On the 150th anniversary, the protest tent was moved to the gate of Capitol Hill.
In terms of eradicating corruption, at the end of last year and early this year, Trudeau was involved in the flamboyant "Lan Wanling Incident."
He was exposed to pressure the department and officials responsible for the investigation and punishment of major irregularities in favor of the construction engineering company "Lan Wanling" in his hometown, and demanded that the latter "raise his hand."
What's more, Trudeau was angry with the officials who disclosed the fraud case after the event—Wang Zhoudi, mentioned earlier, was the Canadian Attorney General who was the first to directly disclose the case and directly handle the case.
Although the case itself has doubts, the suspicions are difficult to scrub.
Many observers pointed out that Trudeau’s five-year ruling collapse was mainly due to his “planing pits”, and the biggest “pits” were “heads and tails”, “self-reliance” and “wider self-discipline and stricter discipline”. Three.
Canada’s most authoritative Angus-Reid poll data shows that since 2015, respondents who support Trudeau have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to 60. %the above.
Although other opposition parties and their heads also performed poorly, even a significant number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are now dismissive of the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative elections are about to start. Can Trudeau repeat the drama that won five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether it is from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened to traffic.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already in a state of supersaturated operation. The opening of the Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capabilities.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become China's second city with two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is mainly based on international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also use Serve the differentiated positioning of different domestic and international aviation services, and provide more subdivided services.
From the perspective of business development, the opening of Daxing Airport is more beneficial to Capital Airport.
Capital Airport's passenger throughput exceeded 100 million passengers in 2018, ranking first in the country, but compared to the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity difference, especially the demand for international routes has a large gap.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers traveling and traveling, and to adapt to Beijing's increasingly open and internationally-oriented urban development trend, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, and plans to meet annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and cargo and mail throughput in the future 4 million tons.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and they have sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the economic account level, the navigation of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, ease the tightness of Beijing's air transportation capacity, accelerate the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the perspective of users, with the opening of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to concentrate on traveling at Capital Airport in the future, but it can also reduce a series of problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes, such as longer transit security time and slower passenger boarding speeds Indirectly increasing the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, aggravating the burden of airport operations, and reducing the burden of shipping through the Capital Airport, in fact, it also improves the passengers’ travel experience.
According to the media's calculation of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, such as taking the Beijing-Kaikai Expressway from the South Fifth Ring Road and going directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway, you can get there in 50 minutes by car. The fuel money is about 40 yuan back and forth. 15 yuan; and choose the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line, the distance is limited to 20 kilometers, 30 kilometers according to the distance, the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan, 35 yuan; the public can also take the Jingxiong intercity, from Beijing It only takes more than 20 minutes from West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
In general, there are various transportation options for citizens to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a relatively reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: Daxing Airport is located as a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, so it is a little farther away from the Beijing area, but it has strengthened the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitated more people to travel, and boosted the economy of Hebei and Tianjin. Development is of great significance.
In the future, passengers in Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, which can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line connecting Beijing City to Daxing Airport, there are multiple expressways connecting Daxing Airport and the surrounding area.
This is just like passengers in cities such as Dongguan, Foshan and Qingyuan in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via expressways such as Guangfo and Guangshen. Residents around Langfang and Xiong'an New District in Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and get convenient and efficient aviation. service.
It can be seen from this that the opening of Daxing International Airport not only adds a few runways and several aircraft, whether from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience, or the integration of regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development All aspects have far-reaching impact and positive significance. They are not only related to the long-term layout and development of the Beijing shipping industry, but also provide diversified choices for the travel of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, and promote the further improvement of the service quality of the Beijing shipping industry. The integration development process of Hebei Province has boosted the economic and trade development of the surrounding area of ​​Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we must not only count individual accounts, but also account for the overall development of the economy.
27th small and medium board index rose 1.46%-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27th (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) The small and medium-sized board index opened higher and higher on the 27th, and finally closed at 6077.23 points, an increase of 87.55 points or 1.46% over the previous trading day.
On the same day, the turnover of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the small and medium board on the same day, 668 stocks closed up, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative closed up; 222 stocks closed down, 4 stocks such as Shunwei shares fell; 40 stocks including Weixing shares closed.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum Held in Chengtian Hue Province
Nguyen Tak Khan, deputy director of the Vietnam National Assembly’s Economic Committee, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam’s economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain growth.
This forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019, and proposed measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants on the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some prominent issues of the Vietnamese economy in 2019, prominent issues in the Vietnamese social culture in 2019, and predictions and suggestions for the economic and social development of Vietnam in 2020 4 topics in-depth exchange of opinions and views.
Delegates generally believed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
The trade friction between the major economies has further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) determined that despite the global economy full of uncertainties, of which 70% of the world’s economies have fallen into a state of stagnation, Vietnam’s economic development has achieved many gratifying achievements, the macro-economy is running smoothly, and inflation is effectively controlled In the first half of 2019, the consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64%, the lowest increase in the past three years.
In the first half of 2019, GDP growth was 6.76%, although it was lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, but compared with the level in the same period in the period of 2011-2017, the growth rate was still a relatively high level.
In forecasting the economic development trend of Vietnam in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of the National Economic and Social Forecast Center of Vietnam, said that in the context of the turmoil in the world economy, the Vietnamese economy will show a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam’s macro economy will remain basically stable. The implementation of various free trade agreements will promote trade development, economic restructuring and business environment improvement work will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade frictions, Vietnam’s export activities Will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnam’s export commodities, and look for opportunities to expand new export markets, so as to facilitate the export of agricultural and aquatic products and other commodities.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be controlled at a reasonable level to promote the development of auxiliary industries and support the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consulate Office of the Chinese Embassy in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that since the founding of New China 70 years ago, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also contributed to Cambodia’s economic development. And the well-being of the people brings tangible benefits.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world’s second largest economy, China’s contribution to the world’s economic growth exceeds 30%. In particular, China’s “Belt and Road” initiative and the continuous cooperation between local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and territorial provinces In-depth.
He said that this year is the 61st year since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have brotherly friendship. Mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force for local economic and social development.
The Governor of Siem Reap Province highly praised the great achievements of New China in 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation.
Di Saiha looks forward to the two sides continue to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve the people's living standards.
Di Saiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap and Chinese provinces and cities have attracted attention. So far, it has established friendship cities with 28 provinces and cities in China. The large-scale cultural performance projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" landed in Siem Reap. -Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Provincial Government Official Special Training Course, Scholarship for Siem Reap Students to Study in China, Rural Free Clinic, Rural Road Reconstruction, Cataract Restoration Charity Project "Guang Mingxing" Over time, in the Cambodia-China friendly cooperation, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
Ken Wensong, Secretary of State of the Ministry of National Defense of Cambodia, Weng Heng, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Governors of the 5 Provinces of the Territory, Cambodia-China Council Siem Reap Branch, Volunteer Teachers, Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, representatives of Chinese-funded enterprises and foreign countries The representative of the consulate in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the ten years of "cloud rise" in digital China in Yunqi Town-Xinhua
If the 2009 local website forum is used as the origin, the 2019 Yunqi Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has gone through a full decade.
From a "cloud in the fog" concept to the practice of "cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies that support China's economic development, social management, and public services in 10 years.
In the Zhengtai New Energy photovoltaic cell workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" loaded with Alibaba Cloud artificial intelligence has recently been placed next to the quality inspector.
It is open 24 hours a day, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 defect samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language, which will have defects. The battery cells are classified and placed.
This company is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing powering manufacturing transformation.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Guidelines for Promoting Enterprise Cloud Implementation (2018-2020)", and proposed that by 2020, strive to achieve a significant increase in cloud awareness and enthusiasm for enterprises, and the proportion of cloud adoption and application depth will be significantly improved.
Alibaba Cloud founder Wang Jian said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy where data is a key element.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of my country's cloud computing industry has continued to expand.
According to the "Cloud Computing Development White Paper (2019)" released by the China Institute of Information and Communications in July this year, China's overall cloud computing market size reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unconsciously changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunqi Conference, the "Urban Brain", which appeared for three consecutive years, still attracts attention.
Alibaba Cloud introduced that at present, the city brain has changed from a traffic management tool to a city management center, and related cooperative applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain uses powerful computing capabilities to enable new city management service functions such as “parking before paying”, “real-time perception of the number of patients visited”, and “tourism route design”.
In the field of government services, using "one cloud" to connect "one thing" to promote the "handheld office" and "handheld office" together, cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the provision of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has established a unified public data platform across the province through government affairs.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, and collected 19.08 billion pieces of data in 3066 categories.
The average amount of data transferred and shared between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times per month. Every time the data is transferred on the ‘cloud’, it may mean that the masses do less work.
Use plastic tea bags with caution!
According to a report by the "Central News Agency", a recent Canadian study found that a pack of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, which is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person ingests throughout the year. But so far there is no evidence that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
According to reports, researchers at Magill University in Canada found that immersing plastic tea bags in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano plastic particles to In the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics that a person ingests throughout the year.
According to the research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles each year and inhales the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that this study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. Researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and dipped them in almost boiling water for 5 minutes. , And then use an electron microscope and spectrometer for analysis.
According to this study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders of magnitude higher than the previous plastic load of other foods."
It is reported that most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many tea bags made from natural fibers still use plastic to seal them.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper, instead of plastic, and these plastic tea bags are the test objects of researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny pieces of plastic. Researchers have defined these microplastics to be between 100 nanometers and 5 millimeters in size, and are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
The researchers first discovered plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
To test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put daphnia into contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these daphnia and cause them to develop abnormalities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence to date that ingesting plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on humans.
Researchers speculate that these tea bags release a large amount of plastic particles, which may be because these plastic tea bags are in contact with boiling water. Even if the "edible grade" plastic is heated above 40 degrees Celsius, it may decompose or exude toxic substances.
Guterres said that a climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island nations.
There, a natural disaster will erode the development achievements of a generation.
The disasters in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas hit by hurricanes this year all illustrate this point.
About a quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or lower.
The relocation may seriously affect their society and lifestyle, and even cause sovereignty and national identity issues.
At this week’s Climate Action Summit, small island nations are working together to achieve carbon-neutral 100% renewable energy by 2030, and they are once again leading the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is accumulating new injustices over old ones.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because these countries are in middle-income status, many countries are still caught in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must take action, and it is time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today’s high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for assistance in helping small island developing States manage disaster risk, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urge international institutions to help small islands develop Countries, especially middle-income countries with heavy debts, receive funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the lifeline of the planet — the ocean.
The latest special report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change confirms that the ocean has already suffered the severe consequences of the "crime swept" of the climate crisis.
By mid-century, many regions may experience extreme sea level rises that would have occurred only once a century.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries may become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
The demands of industry, shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island countries also face high costs of transportation, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on some external markets, subjecting them to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also struggling to deal with the security impact of illegal human trafficking, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons and examples that we can learn from all over the world. "
He emphasized that small island developing States are a special case of sustainable development.
They require long-term attention and investment from the entire international community.
The Indian Ministry of Finance stated that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th that the current financial system has sufficient liquidity, and driven by holiday consumer demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitaraman made the above statement after holding meetings with representatives of Indian private banks, non-bank financial institutions and housing banks.
Sitaraman did not specify where these remarks were targeted.
Some previous Indian media and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown of India's current economy on liquidity tensions in non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in car sales as an example, denying that liquidity is the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicts that driven by holiday consumption, India's economic growth may resume in the second half of the fiscal year.
India's annual shopping season starts in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping and consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education recently issued a notice prohibiting all primary and secondary schools in the province from making up for violations during the National Day holiday, and organizing personnel to conduct random inspections and unannounced visits.
In the “Notice on Prohibiting National Day Long Vacation Breaks and Mistakes”, Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education emphasized that all primary and secondary schools must resolutely do during the National Day: they must not organize students to make up classes or take new classes, and they must not hold subject training courses, Special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, advanced classes, etc., are not allowed to rent campuses and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various training classes.
At the same time, in-service elementary and middle school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to participate in illegal supplementary lessons inside and outside the school, in-service elementary and middle school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in off-campus training institutions or other teachers, parents, parent committees, and other organizations, and in-service elementary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited Introduce students and provide relevant information for off-campus training institutions and others.
The notice clarifies that for confirmed violations of elementary and junior high schools, the local education administration department will increase the deduction of points in the county government’s assessment of high-quality development education that year; teachers participating in violations of violations will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions of the ethics and ethics.
Support live pig production and ensure market supply
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all measures be implemented from six aspects
The province’s video and telephone conference on promoting market supply of live pig production was held today to implement and mobilize and deploy policies and measures of the central and provincial committees and governments to support live pig production and ensure market supply.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that the measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
Do a good job of the implementation of the "Cabbage Basket" mayor responsibility system. This year, the province's clear 45 million live pig slaughtering tasks have been broken down into cities and prefectures and included in the responsibility system assessment.
Grasp the implementation of various policies and measures, and effectively solve the "last mile" problem of policy implementation.
Do a good job in implementing the production of capable sows, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for improved sows, encourage breeding enterprises to expand the breeding scale of pigs, and plan to select outstanding sows from the commercial pig group.
Grasp the implementation of investment attraction, and regard domestic famous large-scale breeding enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority of investment attraction.
Grasp the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of hog cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the transition from "swapping" to "swinging".
To grasp the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grassroots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel suitable for the scale of breeding and work tasks, and build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui loyalty demanded to ensure the supply of the meat market, ensure that there is no large-scale shortage and large-scale supply cuts, and ensure a stable supply of pork on major holidays.
The meeting also made arrangements for the continuous prevention and control of African swine fever epidemic situation, the prohibition and withdrawal of important waters in the Yangtze River Basin of our province, and the acquisition of mid-late rice in the province.
Talk about the motherland's national condition, national soul, and other famous representatives from Shanghai such as the White Rabbit take party lessons for college students
The "My Country and My Country" campus checkpoints allow college students to "learn nothing".
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, four famous Shanghai time-honored brands such as Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, Dabaitu and Xiandelai gathered on the “Art Party Class” of East China University of Science and Technology on the 27th. The representative of Shanghai's long-established brands, Qi Qi told more than 200 young students about the motherland's situation and national soul of the well-known brands.
The product exhibition of the well-known brands on the spot.
The intimate narration in the classroom made the students sigh that they didn't expect that the exhibition exhibition of well-known brand products was carefully arranged outside the classroom, as well as the "My and My Motherland" campus checkpoints for the college students to "leave no thoughts".
Dabaitu lip balm, Dabaitu ice cream... As a well-known brand, Dabaitu toffee has been actively seeking changes in recent years, taking the initiative to attack, and insisting on innovation and cross-border.
The Big White Rabbit, born in 1959, happened to be celebrating its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the young consumer groups.
Wang Weijie, secretary of the party branch and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shaowansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scenes of “eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in summer, eating drunk shrimp in autumn wind and drunk crab in winter,” reflecting people’s “eating "Innovate constantly.
The company also further explores the brand culture in terms of taste innovation and comic packaging design to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
Representatives of the time-honored brands talked about the road of innovation at the site of the "Art Party Class".
Yu Jie, the manager of Shanghai Seafood Delai Ribs Rice Cake Restaurant Co., Ltd., also believes that "all innovations are inseparable from a solid foundation. Every time-honored innovation is a process of accumulation.
Everyone's heart is hidden in the expectations of the time-honored brand.
With the product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first batch of "Chinese time-honored brands" in China, Shanghai Seafood has quickly adapted to market trends, upgraded the brand VI visually, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"Old brands are not only seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now the old brands will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All of our changes will ultimately achieve such a goal, so that consumers can see, hear, and finally be able to buy. "
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd. said.
In the future, Shanghai Soap will also adhere to high-end development, energy-saving and environmentally friendly products with broad system development prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students gained a lot.
As I grew up, the time-honored brand bears the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Song Yuanyuan exclaimed.
Representatives from Shanghai's well-established brands tell more than 200 young students about the motherland and national spirit of the well-established brands.
Classmate Zhou Yiting said that how to tap the brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation is a problem that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
This party class is based on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, the dean of the School of Art, East China University of Science and Technology, and "Old Time Integrated Brand Innovation Studio" by Professor Ni Jun, hoping to dig deeper into the cultural potential and modern commercial value of old time brands, and use them well. To meet the competitiveness and influence of Shanghai's long-established brands, enhance the concentration of Shanghai's long-established brands' cultural radiation, and realize the industrial effect of "1+1>2" in the form of "design + culture", showing Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Class" will continue to invite masters of literature and history, masters of painting, masters of pottery, masters of non-legacy, architects of architecture, and masters of landscape architecture to serve as lecturers. Through them, they will tell about the innovation and perseverance of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, and further strengthen the college students. The ideals and beliefs, the patriotic feelings of the college students, the use of works to speak, let the works speak, innovate the form of party lessons, make the subject party lessons that students love, enhance the ideological, theoretical and affinity of the party lessons, pertinence, and increase the appeal of the party lessons To train newcomers of the era who can play a major role in national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe video wished the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and also spoke Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China through a video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening everyone, my name is Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to express my warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China announced the firm will of the G20 to the world through the "G20 Osaka Summit Declaration" for the summit to successfully cooperate.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit meeting and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Japan next spring, and are unanimously determined to open up a new era of Japan and China.
Japan and China jointly shoulder great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to cope with the problems facing the region and the world, and make contributions to the international community together, which will be beneficial to building a new model for the future relationship between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourish and wish my friends a prosperous career.
"Some over-age migrant workers on some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many'old people' on the construction site. "
Recently, Zou Kui, a long-time engineering contractor in the construction industry, lamented the fact that there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
Recently, the college where my author works carries out the rainwater diversion project. Many migrant workers have appeared on the campus. If you pay attention to observe, you will find that there are many overage migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers do not go out to work, but because they can’t be idle, they have the helplessness and hardship of “have to do so”—whether they save money to solve their old-age and medical problems, or help their children, The old people who were supposed to "free" were driven to continue to work hard.
Over-age migrant workers are not as old as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, reading for the children, helping the children build houses and cars, helping the children to start a family, raising their grandchildren, and when these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks", the money bags have been emptied and there are still many debts Most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag on their children and to save some wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "doing nothing until they do nothing."
Many “post-80s”, “post-90s” and even “post-00s” new generation migrant workers are reluctant to engage in difficult and labor-intensive secondary industries or low-end service industries, resulting in structural “labor shortages”. Attractive work provides opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to a lack of skills, physical functions and labor capacity have declined, and many over-age migrant workers are doing work with high intensity, low income, high risk, and low security.
Being able to work for a day is a day, earning a little more is a little bit, and the survival predicament of the over-age migrant workers behind "cannot be idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
Solving the problems of arrears and wages, improving labor protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labor income, and improving the survival status of over-age migrant workers, in addition to their "self-salvation", is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars pointed out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their problems of old-age care and medical care, and they must support their families by other means.
Understanding the helplessness and strength of over-aged migrant workers "cannot be idle" helps us to better understand the love and pain of over-aged migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-aged migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and trying to make them return to the villages to truly achieve "oldness and support", it requires the public sector, the market and society to share responsibilities in a benign interaction, and it requires multiple efforts.
Chemetsov said that Russia will not export such a system in the next five years because "it must first supply its own army before exporting production."
This approach is fully consistent with international practice.
The major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their defense needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Grekhov, deputy commander of the Russian Air and Space Force, said that the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" Air and Space Defense Konzern.
This is a new generation of air defense system that uses the working principle for destroying ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main function of S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3500 kilometers.
In addition, according to certain data, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles and aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed 5 times the speed of sound, and even targets located in near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into a unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from a defense perspective.
Sergey Chemetsov expressed special attention to the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian army also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic air defense regiment.
According to the news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 air defense missile system by the Arctic Air Defense Regiment of Xindi Island has been completed.
This is not the militarization of Russia in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to a more advanced defense tool in the northern strategic direction.
The Russian North Fleet Information Office said: "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly."
Very importantly, according to military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the extreme north and arctic regions.
The air defense regiment officers and soldiers trained on the new system and prepared to enter the combat duty.
The S-300 long-range air defense system was previously equipped there, and some parts are still retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must possess weapons capable of destroying various aerial targets, whether they are high-speed flying targets at high altitudes, or "leaking nets" that are close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system developed by the "Golden Diamond-Antai" Air and Space Defense Konzern is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second within a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia never conceals that it will supplement the deployment of air defense forces in the extreme north to ensure the safety of airspace on the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of "Tor-M2DT" air defense missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic region. They are enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic region.
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated at that time that the Arctic "Thor" troops would be expanded to a complete brigade-level system in the future.
Coupled with the newly deployed S-400 long-range system on Xindi Island and the Kola Peninsula, and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the extreme north, these advanced air defense weapons effectively protect the Russian polar sky.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of ​​the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
As a Russian store operator, Russian multi-product company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Most Russian products have online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, and Wechat, a multi-functional instant messaging software. It has its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russia Pinto to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, as well as to screen enterprises that put products on virtual shelves.
The store plans to open before the end of this year and list products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to information from the Russian Export Center, the Chinese e-commerce platform has a total of 1 billion monthly visits.
At the same time, food exports to China have been showing steady growth since 2014, and have exceeded US$1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores within the framework of the global import strategy to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display products from companies with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and the sales of 500 million rubles are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian products and regard our products as high-quality and green products. "
Kozhevnikov said that the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
He said: "Our goal is ambitious to launch 500 companies through this store within three years."
At the same time, the platform will also list products of companies in the Russian Far East.
Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the Plekhanov University of Economics' Basic Department of Trade Policy, said: "This is a political project that represents the image of both parties, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution."
"I haven't seen a lot of highly competitive Russian goods in the market."
He believes that the project may not be actually implemented, but it will help strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that product information of more than 170 Russian companies has been on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform Released on the market, you can buy it in China or in other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, that is, a training project of experts from Taobao University for Russian companies. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
In November this year, the Russian Export Center will be the organizer of Russian enterprises participating in industry exhibitions and commercial projects at the Second China International Import Expo in Shanghai.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, where it will also become a center for holding commercial project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, promotional meetings, and talks with representatives of Chinese companies.
About 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The Press Office of the Russian Export Center said: "In addition to the agricultural booth, we will also hold business meetings, that is, to arrange direct connections between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts, the purpose is to support the enterprise and ensure that it arranges dozens of special meetings for it."
In addition, the Expo will also hold masterclasses, cooking competitions, and the Russian American Food Appraisal by famous Russian chefs of the "Explore Russian Cuisine Shanghai Station" project.
After the martyrdom killer Mohammad Adi Autopsy made a verdict of non-accidental death on Friday, the police waited for the full report and the instructions of the General Prosecutor's Office before taking the next step.
The National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau Datuk Huzl issued a statement on Friday, and according to the autopsy verdict, the police will await further instructions from the Attorney General.
He emphasized in the statement that the police never terminated the investigation of Mohamed’s murder, and the investigation is still ongoing.
On the other hand, Selangor Sheriff Noah Zhan said that the police will wait for a complete report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded to this when he was asked about this after attending the handover ceremony of the Deputy Chief Sheriff of Xuezhou at the headquarters of Selangor Police on Friday morning.
He said that the police investigated the case based on the relevant report.
He added that the police will also scrutinize the progress of the investigation and decide whether to re-call the person who had previously been confessed.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau that in order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken Changan Street and its lines as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscaped landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, the 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have all been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up the capital and are dressed up to welcome the National Day.
In the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscapes along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take pictures.
The theme of these flower beds is clear, starting from the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen, and ending in the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, highlighting the glorious achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, and showing the people Happy life.
According to the person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau, this year's greening layout fully utilizes its own innovations and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
The flower bed displays a total of more than 230 varieties, including 16 self-cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistance varieties and 11 native plants.
Three chrysanthemum varieties, "Hanlu Jinghui", "Xuanqiu Candy" and "Xuanqiubian", independently selected and bred in my country, have been applied for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has recently comprehensively renovated the city's landscape and landscape environment, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowering shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of lawn perennial flowers.
At the same time, 200 theme flower beds were set up in important areas such as the ring road of the city, the extension line of Chang’an Street, the Xiangshan Memorial Site, the surroundings of the new airport and important tourist attractions, and the amount of ground-planted flowers reached 20 million pots (plants). There are 10,000 pieces of style flower piles, 5000 sets of combined containers, and 15,000 flower boxes hanging, so that the greening landscape of the capital has been fully upgraded.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on issues such as climate change and sustainable development-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26th (Reporter Xu Xiaolei and Wang Wen) On September 26th, the Chinese delegation attending the 74th UN General Assembly officially released "China and the United Nations-The 74th UN General Assembly Chinese Position Document", "UN Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Actions, "China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)", and "Report on the Sustainable Development Goals Supported by Earth Big Data" and other four documents.
"China and the United Nations-The 74th UN General Assembly Chinese Position Document" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in all fields since the founding of New China 70 years ago, especially since the 18th National Party Congress.
It is pointed out that the promotion of the construction of a community of shared future for mankind proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become the banner of diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thinking, China has participated in international affairs in a more active and proactive manner, made greater contributions to world peace and development, and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduced China's important contributions to the three pillars of UN peace, development and human rights in ten aspects.
Reiterate China’s firm support and practice of multilateralism and the UN’s central role in international affairs; point out that China’s development and the world’s development resonate at the same frequency and promote each other; emphasize that in the face of the world’s unprecedented changes in the past century, a continuous The developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Actions" closely linked to the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit and introduced China's policy propositions on international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in addressing climate change.
As the world’s largest developing country, China takes climate change response as its internal requirement for sustainable development and assumes the responsibility for building a community of shared future for mankind. It will continue to overcome many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly maintain multilateralism, and implement international Commitment to fully promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
"China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" is China's second progress report following the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively sorted out China's measures, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and showed China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The report contains such cases as precision poverty alleviation, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization, and joint construction of the “Belt and Road”, which will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The "Earth Big Data Supports Sustainable Development Goals Report" shows China's exploration and practice of using earth big data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decisions, and reveals the application value and prospects of related technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals It provides a new perspective and new support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series Activities of Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association-Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Works Exhibition will be grandly opened at the exhibition gallery of Huaiyuan Building of Macau Polytechnic Institute at 6 pm on September 29, 2019.
All are welcome to visit and guide.
The well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Comprehensive Design of Macau Polytechnic Institute. After that, they co-founded the design company in 2013. After five years of hard work, the company achieved outstanding achievements and won more than 200 international awards. In the world, the business spans 25 cities in more than 10 countries, and has successfully promoted the team design to the international market.
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they exhibited their ingenious design works and shared their experience of entrepreneurship.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience on the same day, they will also communicate on the design and development of Macau.
The exhibition dates are from September 29 to October 10, 2019. The opening hours are from 9 am to 11 pm. Holidays are open as usual.
If you have any enquiries, you can contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association by calling 85993119.
Laos collectives and individuals won the Vietnam National Medal and Badge
According to the decision of the President of Vietnam, Nguyen Phu Chong, on the award of the Medal of Independence on September 21, Vietnam awarded the Medal of Independence to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the Congress, and the Secretariat of the Congress, in recognition of them It has made positive contributions to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the parliaments of Vietnam and Laos and various organs of parliament.
The President of Vietnam, Nguyen Phuc Thanh, also issued a decision on the award of the Friendship Medal and Friendship Badge.
According to the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 medals of friendship and 17 badges of friendship to the 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the Congress and the Secretariat of the Congress, with the aim of commending them to consolidate and strengthen the parliaments of Vietnam and Laos Active contribution to the special solidarity relationship with the various organs of Congress.
In her speech at the ceremony, Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups in Vietnam and Laos was formed from a long historical process. The good traditional friendship between the people of Vietnam and Laos has always been Ruyi and the selfless relationship were created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fengweihan, and carefully cultivated by the leaders and people of the two parties and the two countries, and became an invaluable treasure for both countries.
Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that under the complex and ever-changing world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and comprehensive cooperation between Vietnam and Laos continue to be consolidated and developed and are increasingly deep and pragmatic.
Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that the award of the Vietnamese party and national medals and badges to the collectives and former senior leading cadres of the Lao National Congress is the recognition by the Vietnamese party, the country and the people of the great contributions of comrades. I hope you will continue to work hard to strengthen the Vietnamese Lao great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation make more contributions.
Ms. Nguyen Thanh Yin-yin emphasized that the Vietnamese party and country will continue to work closely with the Lao party and country to inherit and give full play to the cooperation results achieved by the two sides and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries. .
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly that have won the Medal of Independence, the Friendship Medal and the Friendship Badge have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese State for their honorary awards, and affirm that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
American e-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency" report, on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people have died of e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, and there are 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
According to reports, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notified these figures and stated that the specific substances that cause the related diseases have not been identified.
However, most patients have reported that they have used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that affects mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated electronic atomizers on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention pointed out that the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, and 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were notified by 46 states and the US Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to reports, the Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products except tobacco in October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + smart stop sign" makes you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Transportation and Gaode Map announced that the nation's first batch of "Internet + Smart Stop Signs" will officially land in Nanjing. By then, 54 public transport electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing, which will comprehensively upgrade Nanjing's information service level. To improve the efficiency of public transport services and the happiness of the people traveling.
In the past, the anxiety scenes waiting for the bus were performed almost every day at the bus station.
It is difficult to predict the running time of the bus, the status of the bus along the way and the location of the vehicle. The pain points of bus travel need to be resolved, especially in some large cities. The long commute roads and the complicated traffic conditions during the peak commuting hours in the morning and evening have caused the bus punctuality rate to be difficult to guarantee.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Transportation and Gaode Maps explored in depth the new direction of "Internet + transportation" convenience services, and launched the nation's first batch of "Internet + intelligent stop sign" as an intelligent service project.
It is reported that the country's first batch of "Internet + smart stop signs" landed in Nanjing, combining high German big data and high German vehicles' estimated travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on public bus electronic stop signs and mobile Internet and traffic big data upgrades to achieve "Bus intelligent stop sign + electronic map" double-end release bus route, bus estimated arrival time and other capabilities.
Through the "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the estimated bus arrival time, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops away from the current station, but also intuitively through the three colors of red, orange and green Master the bus conditions along the way, so that all bus routes passing through the station can be seen at a glance in real time.
Thanks to the warm-hearted technology of "Internet + smart stop sign", Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient public transportation such as "checking the bus location before going out, mastering the arrival time when waiting for the bus, and knowing the time when arriving at the destination". Travel mode.
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", choose the most suitable travel route, at the same time, you can make good psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, so that travel becomes more convenient and calm.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace were unveiled for the first time-Xinhuanet
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were exhibited this time, of which more than 30 cultural relics were exhibited to the public for the first time in the Summer Palace, demonstrating the Summer Palace’s rich collection of palace cultural relics and its traditional longevity cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyujijin, Fushu Shoudie, Qigongjuyi, and Fucai Zenghua. It exhibits artifacts such as jade bronze, ancient books, calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous items, porcelain enamel, etc. The shape, pattern and decoration embody the theme of "Fu Shou".
Kui Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Management Office, introduced that the number of high-level cultural relics in this cultural relics exhibition is large, there are many types of cultural relics, and the exhibits have a large span of time.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics exhibited were national first-level cultural relics and second-level cultural relics. The era of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Dynasty.
The Shang Dynasty Zheng Gui on display is more than 3,000 years ago, and it is the "oldest" bronze relic exhibited this time; the sapphire lying cow is huge and weighs nearly 80 kg. It is carved from a whole piece of sapphire and preserved The appearance is intact and very rare; the mountain and stone figure pavilion wooden clock, "Nanzhai Collection Painting Book", "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" and so on are also the first time to display fine cultural relics to the public.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of "live" the cultural relics, relying on the gardening ideas of the "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and using the "Fu Shou" cultural relics in the park as a carrier to allow tourists Through the exhibition, you can learn about the profound longevity culture of the Summer Palace, promote and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the best wishes for a happy birthday.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Times Commentary: Resolutely move our own way
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" released on the 27th answered: The success of China’s development in the past 70 years has been rooted in the fact that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have followed this The road went unwaveringly.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people that China takes a development path that suits itself.
Since modern times, in an environment of poverty and weakness, internal and external problems, generations of people of lofty ideals have been seeking for success and succession on the way to save the country and the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system, the presidential system have all been thought and tried, and the results will not work."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and New China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road China has taken is the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, the road to the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and other countries in the world.
It is precisely because China is on the right path that China can manage its own affairs well, become the second largest economy in the world, and contribute the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world through its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path conforms to China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times. It will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
Chinese people understand the truth of Nanju Beizhi, understand that what suits others is not necessarily suitable for themselves, and only what suits them is the best.
It is with this kind of road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that attracts worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "final conclusion of history" was famous for a while.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics proclaimed the end of the "historical final conclusion", the collapse of the "Chinese collapse theory", and the failure of the "socialist failure theory".
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strong people, and expanded the way for developing countries to modernize. For those countries and nations in the world who want to accelerate development and maintain their own independence, they are in line with their national conditions. The road provides experience and lessons.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path that suits their national conditions.
China does not "import" the foreign model, nor does it "export" the Chinese model. Instead, it will firmly move its own way, realize its own continuous development, strengthen the governance and political exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the realization of good governance and good governance. contribution.
The Fair Work Commission found that a Foodworks supermarket boss dismissed a 66-year-old female worker via text message because he was more willing to hire employees from Asian backgrounds. The boss's approach was slammed as "shameful" .
The committee said that Jianbin Wang, the owner of Ms. Gail Ayton who worked in the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated Eddie "extremely unfairly" and may violate anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the store in 2016 and he has always “wanted to fire me” because she is not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, the vice chairman of the committee, conducted a search on the Internet and found that "Mr. Wang has published some recruitment advertisements on various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past."
Among the job requirements listed in these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee".
The third post said that he "inclined more to overseas people (sic)".
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton via text message in April of this year, and later said it was due to her absence and the alleged lack of cash in the cash register from $5.10 to $30.
But Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang’s reason for firing Ms. Ayton is weak and lacks evidence.
In the past three years, she has only been absent from work for one shift. The "missing amount" amounts to several Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton’s dismissal was “actually unrelated to her behavior or performance”.
He said: "In my opinion, with the evidence of the job advertisements published by Mr. Wang, the real motivation for the defendant to fire her is that he is more willing to hire employees with Asian backgrounds.
According to Section 772(f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang’s conduct ostensibly constitutes a violation of anti-discrimination laws and/or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr. Sams said that given Mr. Wang’s “horrible” treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her position.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, who is a temporary worker with an hourly wage of AUD 26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said he will submit his ruling and documents to the committee director to consider whether Mr. Wang’s actions should be transferred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws the behavior of.
He said that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any chance to respond to the reason for allegedly dismissing her.
He said: "I think that the respondent took an incurable unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang "waits" for this opportunity, which he believes will "prove" that the termination of the applicant's employment is proper. "
"He was wrong... The respondent completely disregarded any natural and fair treatment given to her when she was expelled from the applicant. What is shocking is that he was rude and extremely unfair."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks is a small business, “but it must be frankly said that no decent employer will dismiss employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner admitted in this case.”
He said: "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Guangzhou Railway meets National Day Golden Week passenger flow with 175 passenger trains daily
China News Network, Guangzhou, September 27th (Guo Jun, Xu Jing) A reporter learned from the Guangzhou Railway Group on the 27th that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou Railway Group will gradually increase the number of popular trains. The total number of passenger trains reached 175, which comprehensively increased the capacity during the peak passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do well in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Railway Station has optimized and reformed the third-floor security channel, adding 12 new security channels. After the renovation, there are 44 security channels in the third-floor waiting room. In addition, for the smooth flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Railway Station Add 19 self-service real-name verification devices, totaling 71.
In order to alleviate the detention and congestion of vehicles on Nanbei Road of South Railway Station, Guangzhou South Railway Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 parking spaces to ease the pressure of poor traffic around South Railway Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open the "High Speed ​​Rail-Metro" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6th to 7th, when the passenger flow reaches the peak period, the exit of Shenzhen North Station A2 will be connected to the subway, and an inspection-free channel will be set up to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during peak hours.
In addition, the East and West Plaza will normally set up the U-color love express channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Jiulong Passenger Transport Section carried out full-service business training to ensure that all personnel in charge of flight attendance learn to master business knowledge, improve service quality, and ensure that train attendants have a good mental outlook and a more professional standard of professional quality. A one-off trip to provide passengers with better service.
Six people denied the sale of fake Malaysian newspapers and submitted the case to the High Court
Six men suspected of counterfeiting and selling our passports, birth certificates and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Registration Authority and a Dato'-level businessman, appeared on Thursday. The court judge approved the anti-trafficking and anti-trafficking Allegations of trafficking in migrants were transferred to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato's Chinese-American defendant Li Zhenhua (transliteration), and also a member of the Parliament in the Sunset Cave District, Rael, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he no longer became the defendant's representative lawyer and was approved in court.
He said that because of representing the defendant, he has attracted criticism from political opponents, and his DAP has also been implicated.
He emphasized that he was not afraid of any threats, but he did not want to be used by irresponsible units to defame the PAP and the Pakatan Harapan government or other Pakatan Harapan leaders, so he made this decision after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Congress, and that the law did not prohibit him from representing any defendant. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. They faced a number of allegations of Article 26E of the Anti-Human Trafficking and Anti-Trafficking Immigration Act, and Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forged documents). Approved by the court for bail pending trial.
On Thursday, two court judges Nosha Ha and Mazlan approved the prosecution’s application after the prosecution’s statements, and transferred the allegations of the six defendants’ anti-human trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration laws to the High Court for trial. As for the allegation of forged documents, they will appear in the court on October 3, waiting for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
The earlier six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the motherland-a sketch of a certain team of the Armed Police Force
Jin Qiu, on the parade training ground, a certain team of the armed police forces composed of officers and men with an average height of 1.83 meters was busy training.
The shining spears, the unique olive green and the bright red epaulets form a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this side team, feeling the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to be the loyal guards of the party and the people forever and their feelings and pursuit of "honor first".
"Dream shines brilliant life and writes the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song composed by the Fang team officers and soldiers collectively-"Walking with the Motherland".
In the square team, this song is the motto of every player.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, is particularly prominent in the side team.
As the flag bearer of the original armed police flag guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of soldiers comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as a flag bearer, has been training to high standards and strict requirements.
He tied his sandbags to practice shape training, stuck a stopwatch to practice pace, covered his eyes to practice stride, and practiced stability against the wind.
In his "Qingqi career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
During a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
The moment the flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the base soldier to be read.
The standard movements of the base soldier and the flag bearer are different.
Qi Xiaoguang said that although the pace of progress of the Qinbiao and the base soldiers is only 20 steps, they have to pay more effort in training.
The base soldier is the first in the first row and directly determines the order of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced hard kicks.
In the demonstration, his precise stride and pace won applause from officers and men.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of fighter Zhu Xudong took part in a military parade for the 50th anniversary of National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the Fang team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but he was never discouraged.
He said: "It is the glory of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the inspection by the party and the people. I am willing to endure hardships."
Entering the honor room of the Fang team, the eight characters of "The Capital's Elite Master" are in sight.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the Fang team, said that all the members of the Fang team are from the Beijing Armed Police Corps-this is a troop with a glorious tradition. The mission has nurtured a large number of heroic collectives and individuals such as the “National Flag Guardian” and the “Heroic Guardian Squadron”. More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission, and the Armed Police Force.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held
A reception for foreign experts celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
Han Zheng first of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care, support, and participate in China's reform, opening up, and modernization.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially for more than 40 years of reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has led the people of all ethnic groups across the country to fight through the thorns and strive for strength, successfully embarked on a road of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in from standing up, getting rich, and becoming strong. Great leap.
Since the Eighteenth National Congress of the Party, the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core has coordinated the overall layout of the "five in one", coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, and promoted historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the party and the country Now, socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The 70-year development achievements of New China are the result of the unremitting efforts of the people of all ethnic groups in China, as well as the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and made indelible contributions. The Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point. The Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, and innovation is the first driving force", and vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy to promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the cultivation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovative teams with international standards.
Han Zheng said that China's business is a business supported by the people of the world, a business open to learning from the world, and a business of cooperating with other countries in the world.
With a more open and inclusive attitude, China will learn from the people of the world with an open mind and firmly implement a more active, more open, and more effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China for innovation and entrepreneurship. We welcome talents and talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization drive, and make greater contributions to building a community with a shared future for mankind and for the world's peaceful development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
At the reception, there were about 1800 foreign experts working in China for a long time, representatives of foreign experts working in China and their spouses, responsible comrades of the relevant departments of the central and state organs, and Beijing.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft in my country's railway is digging to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27th (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the first long tunnel of China's railway — the main shaft of No. 1 shaft of Gaoligongshan Tunnel of Dali (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was successfully excavated on the 27th In the end, the well depth of 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of domestic railway shafts.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improving the efficiency of ballast discharge, and ensuring construction safety.
Song Tao, Chief Engineer of Shaft Engineering Department of China Railway Tunnel Bureau Darui Project Department said: "After the main shaft of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel is successfully digged to the end, it will help to promote the construction of the underground car yard and open more A working face to speed up the construction progress of the entire Gaoligongshan Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the shaft construction of No. 1 shaft of Gaoligongshan Tunnel adopts the well-drilling method, which is equipped with large-scale well-drilling derricks, well-drilling stable cars, well-drilling winches, integrally moving metal formwork, FJD-6A umbrella drill, central rotary rock grab, etc. Specialized machinery has formed a mechanized assembly line of "four systems in one" such as a mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc., which realizes the mechanization of the whole process of drilling, blasting, ballast, formwork installation, and concrete pouring. The operation greatly accelerated the construction progress.
It is understood that the Darui Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west and has a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Railway Passage.
The Gaoligongshan Tunnel is 34.538 kilometers in length and is the first long-term railway tunnel in my country.
The live scene of the TV series "Hunting Fox" reproduces the style of the police
The "Hunting Fox" episode of the theme of transnational escape and investigation was recently spotted at Tianjin Airport. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Ou shot important scenes such as the escort of economic fugitives returning to China. The shooting process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The "Hunting Fox" crew filmed the key scene at the airport that best demonstrated the enforcement of the "Operation Fox Hunting"-the members of the Hunting Fox team chasing the fugitives back home, escorting the plane, signing an arrest warrant, etc.
The crew filmed multiple scenes such as the apron, customs border inspection, aircraft cabins and doors, and reproduced the hard work and professional style of China's front-line investigative police and fox hunting heroes flying in multiple countries and arresting fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the main team of "Hunting Fox" carried out a lot of preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed each execution detail to ensure the most real and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed in many places abroad.
Vietnam must seize opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to evaluate and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI ​​wave include prospects, ability to realize, asset base and development direction.
The city of Singapore ranks first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman organized an expert for Mosin Pewande in an interview with reporters: "When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I find it very meaningful.
In general, I think that under the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path, and rapid development of talent base, Vietnam's future is very bright.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and is doing very well.
What is important is that Vietnam should know how to use the opportunities brought about by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's work, communication and lifestyle.
It brings higher efficiency, but also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is ready for the breakthrough brought by the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was very happy to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China here. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on the impressive achievements made in the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped more than 850 million people out of poverty — this is the biggest poverty reduction achievement in history. "
He stated that in terms of achieving the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates have decreased, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted populations has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has decreased. half.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
The photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the UN in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become the backbone of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest donor country to the UN regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has always been a partner to ensure the stability of UN activities.
China has dispatched troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than a thousand "blue helmet" soldiers on missions in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "On the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the United Nations, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only achievements of China, but also achievements of the world and humanity.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, their brilliant achievements and their contributions to the world.
UN News Photo/Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity here. China’s national regional autonomy policy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of the Tianshan Mountains or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people's construction of ecological civilization, there are stories of peaceful development, there are stories of the development of the "Belt and Road" initiative, and there are stories of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, green water and green mountains are Jinshan and Yinshan.
After continuous efforts, China embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with countries around the world, plays a role in solving hot issues, and has become the backbone of world peace.
In the face of major changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, China has actively maintained the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is youthful, high-spirited, and magnificent. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original intentions.
Wang Yi Meets with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella while attending the UN General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia in the past 12 years, the relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutarika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting to lead China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is willing to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the outcome of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation in international affairs with Malaysia to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million people traveled during the National Day to reflect the booming supply and demand of China's tourism
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming "Eleventh" Golden Week!
Big data from several travel platforms shows that the supply and demand of my country's tourism consumer market are both prosperous.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, with reference to previous National Day tourism statistics, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday will be close to 800 million this year; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourism.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities use this platform to book products such as group tours, free travel, customized tours, and local fun, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic tourists last year during the National Day holiday, a year-on-year increase of 9.43%.
Not only will the number of tourists reach a new high this year during the National Day holiday, but consumption upgrading will also become the "main theme" of the National Day holiday.
Ctrip reports that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial travel during the National Day holiday exceeds 3,000 yuan, an increase from the same period last year. This is because tourists generally choose products with better experience, such as high-rated brand hotels, no-shopping tour groups, exquisite small groups, special cars Special guidance etc.
The booking data of Lvmo.com shows a similar trend. Domestic long-term use of comfortable cars and "private groups" of less than ten people are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn Tourism data shows that its consumers prefer "Calm and Slow" that emphasizes experience, service and differentiation.
According to the data from Flying Pig, the number of tourists booking in the cities of my country's fourth-tier and below has grown the fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the consumption upgrade of residents in more regions of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "Eleventh" Golden Week tour.
According to Ctrip data, orders for car rental self-driving tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year, and short-distance self-driving tours exploring nearby niche routes continue to be popular; the number of private group applicants has increased by 155% year-on-year.
Sharing joy becomes the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
According to Ctrip data, 28% of tourists during the National Day holiday are parent-child groups, 25% are couples and 23% are colleagues and friends.
In terms of the age of tourists, "post-80s" and "post-90s" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, compared with the more rapid growth of outbound travel in the past Golden Week, the domestic travel market performance this year is more "eye-catching".
According to data from Flying Pig, the number of people who booked domestic cultural tourism routes during the National Day holiday this year increased by 42% year-on-year, and the growth rate exceeded outbound travel.
According to industry analysis, while the demand is strong, reforms on the tourism supply side are being promoted across the country to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast."
For example, the State General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly released the "11th Golden Week Sports Tourism Fine Lines in 2019"; the Shanghai Tourism Festival 2019 is being held to launch 100 cultural and tourism activities in 7 sectors to attract Chinese and foreign tourists; Golden Week, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have introduced scenic spot ticket price reduction or free measures.
Ctrip booking data shows that destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot" in China, and Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destinations. city.
my country’s first live-streaming movie “At this moment — Celebrating the 70th birthday of New China” will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces across the country on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast the scenes of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, military parade and mass parade on the big screen through 4K ultra-high-definition signals.
The person in charge of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the National Day, the main station will build more than 100 seats, and lay more than 200 sound pickup equipment along the Changan Street and the commanding heights of the celebration area, using the lens language and the same sound, For the first time, the whole process, all elements of 4K ultra high definition and 5.1 surround sound live broadcast are realized.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China faced a severe pork shortage and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins. The outbreak caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of live pigs in China has halved and pork prices have almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at Rabobank China, said demand for other meats, including beef, has increased, and China, the world’s largest animal protein importer, currently accounts for the world’s pork imports. 27%, beef imports accounted for 24% of the world.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan and became Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government stated that it would release more pork from the emergency reserve before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, and has always closely connected its own destiny with the destiny of people around the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China is determined to take its own course, concentrate on doing its own thing, make the country richer and stronger, and make people happier, and inject stability and certainty into the complex and changing world. It is itself the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
In the new era of China, under the guidance of Xi Jinping’s new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, it will continue to be firm in its path of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
China has always focused on economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly taking the road of high-quality development, implementing the new development concept of innovation, coordination, greenness, openness, and sharing, accelerating the construction of a modern economic system, and better meeting the growing needs of the people. Need for a better life.
Letting the people live a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only hope to have a good life, but also hope that people from other countries will have a good life."
China adheres to development and innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of the “Belt and Road” high-quality development, and promotes the global cause of poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says that China firmly maintains and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative, strengthen guidance, and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, more inclusive, and more sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening strategy, create a more comprehensive, deeper, and more diversified pattern of opening to the outside world, achieve a broader mutual benefit and win-win situation, and maintain and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China resolutely opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The wider the door to open to the outside world, the faster the regional economic integration and the renminbi will continue to be promoted.
The white paper pointed out that China firmly supports multilateralism and safeguards international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, resolutely maintain the international system with the United Nations at its core and the international order at the core of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is China's basic criterion for handling international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of each country, and opposes the interference of external forces in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, and will never allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible big country, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It not only sees the demands of China's development on the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and actively participates in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, and promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideas, institutions, and operating modes, to better fulfill its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and to play a role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development. Greater effect.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, sums up the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive way of life in Chinese culture, and the resonant point of the governance concept with the current era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to the improvement of global governance , China Power.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council's "African Peace and Security" public meeting at the UN headquarters in New York.
Wang Yi said in his speech that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China is never absent.
At this moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting in the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its peace and security capabilities.
President Xi Jinping announced the establishment of the "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund" in September 2015, which will focus on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism, and achieving sustainable development in Africa. To date, 34 African-related projects have been launched, becoming a trilateral cooperation between China, Africa, and the United Nations. New platform.
On the road to the peaceful development of Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108
Anthony Mancinelli, the world’s oldest barber certified by King’s World Records in New York, USA, has never retired at the age of 108. He has been diligently cutting hair for his guests every day, but on the 19th, Mancinelli had his jaw. He died of cancer complications and said goodbye to his 96-year haircutting life.
According to a "CNN" report, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old. Before long, he helped to clean the floor at a barber shop. At the age of 12, he started picking up scissors to serve guests, thereby reducing the economic pressure on the family.
Although Mancinelli attended elementary school at the time, he did not graduate.
Roberto, the son of Mancinelli, revealed that his father loves work, and people from all over the world also like him, but although his father has always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year, and finally due to physical factors 6 weeks before his death Unable to go to work, but this is not retirement, because he plans to come back and cut his hair when he gets better.
82-year-old Robert said that after his father's death, he must now find a new hairdresser, because he had his father help cut his hair throughout his life.
Listed company repurchase scale exceeds 100 billion yuan to hit a record high in the year-Xinhuanet
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have frequently repurchased shares in the past two years. Through targeted repurchases and collective bidding transactions, they hope to pass the information that the company's value is underestimated to the market, so as to stabilize the stock price and enhance Investor confidence.
Oriental Fortune Choice data shows that in 2017, the funds used by listed companies to buy back shares were 7.9 billion yuan, which surged to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of A-share listed company repurchase implementation has exceeded 100 billion yuan. , A record high in A-share repurchase funds, and far exceeding previous years.
From the perspective of the purpose of the repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares and the majority shareholder's shareholding seem to be the same, but there are great differences in the implementation subject, the source of funds, the purpose of the repurchase, and the equity of the stock itself.
In an interview with the Securities Daily, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Kerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., stated that the "Opinions on Supporting the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies" issued in November 2018, aimed at narrowing the scope of share repurchase. The problems in the current system, such as complicated decision-making procedures and unsound inventory system, have been repaired. Since the policy side has started to encourage listed companies to repurchase shares, the phenomenon of repurchasing shares has increased significantly.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares." The introduction of these policies has broadened the source of funds for listed companies to repurchase funds, appropriately simplified implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged various listed companies to implement Equity incentive or employee stock ownership plan.
After the opinions were issued, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable situations, the repurchase process is easier, and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is also greater.
The repurchase of shares at a relatively low position also helps listed companies improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the rate of return on net assets, and reducing the pressure on the company's profitability indicators.
Compared with the increase in holdings by major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is more significant, and it also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the underestimation of the stock price is the main factor for the repurchase of listed companies. The company's stock price can no longer reflect the company's future development prospects. Therefore, such companies are worthy of investors' attention, but they cannot invest blindly. Financial report and specific operating conditions.
Listed companies with large-scale buybacks at least demonstrate the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The enthusiasm for the repurchase of A-share listed companies is gradually heating up, which also normalizes the repurchase behavior. The data shows that nearly 1,000 listed companies have implemented share repurchases this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has cumulatively repurchased 57.59 million A shares through centralized auction transactions, accounting for 0.315% of the company’s total share capital, and the total funds paid have totaled 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). The repurchased shares will all be used for employee stock ownership plans, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that has been reviewed and approved by the company's general meeting of shareholders.
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchases, and recently adjusted the use of repurchased shares, from the original plan "repurchase shares will all be used as stock sources for the implementation of equity incentives in the later period" to "cumulative repurchase Purchasing 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares were used for stock incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce registered capital."
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares will help to further increase the level of earnings per share and effectively increase the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group issued a repurchase progress announcement on September 25, showing that TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company’s shares in total, at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The office of the TCL Group Board of Directors told the "Securities Daily" reporter that the repurchased shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or for conversion of convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on the confidence in the company's future development and the maintenance of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the company's stocks in the secondary market in the past year, and comprehensively considering the company's operating and financial conditions and other factors, the company plans to use its own funds, self-raised funds and Repurchase company shares through other financing methods.
Qian Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of repurchasing stocks by listed companies can reduce the number of shares in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important benefit for the stock price of the secondary market; In addition, listed companies are willing to take out the real money and buy back shares from the stock market to write off, which greatly boosted market confidence.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially for top-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investor confidence through share repurchases, and it is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Party Committee, and the four heads of the Hunan Army of Construction Machinery Manufacturing - Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Qinghua, and Liu Feixiang, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing" Three to five years later, build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster.
To build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha, in the modern fashion, it is to create "the strongest surface".
As the capital city of the inland province, Changsha shouted this brave speech, where did it come from?
Relying on the strength of domineering side leakage.
The four Hunan-based construction machinery companies participating in the dialogue all have their own skills, covering the entire field of heaven, underground, sea and land: Shanhe Intelligent Light Aircraft, Zhonglian Heavy Industry's concrete delivery pump, Sany Heavy Industry's all ground The "hard power" of the tunnel shield machine of cranes and iron construction heavy industry can be described as unrivalled in the world and proud of the heroes.
Once upon a time, China basically had no say in the field of construction machinery manufacturing.
Time-shifting, Chinese companies "introduced" and "going out" with two-wheel drive, taking the initiative of the "Belt and Road" initiative, acquiring, merging, and setting up factories to become a leader in the global construction machinery industry.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industry, Zoomlion Heavy Industry, Tiejian Heavy Industry, Shanhe Intelligence and other leading construction machinery companies, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators have greatly led similar enterprises.
Relying on the current situation that the camera moves.
The "Four King Kongs" of the construction machinery Hunan Army are the leaders of the Changsha construction machinery industry cluster and the leading enterprise in the global construction machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, whoever survives and lives well is the tough thing to talk about.
In the early years, the global construction machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturing companies fell down, but Changsha's construction machinery manufacturing enterprises regarded "cat winter" as "winter swimming", adding pressure and self-breaking through the industry. Structural transformation, from manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing, not only survived, but also strengthened the body and bones.
With the help of the government and enterprises that the stars hold the moon.
The development of advantageous industries requires both active enterprise and active government action.
The reason why Changsha has the reputation of "the capital of construction machinery" is that it has gathered the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, created many related industrial clusters, and released it by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services, and simplifying the approval process. Service measures, the cost of R&D, manufacturing and sales of enterprises has been greatly reduced.
A good business ecology makes construction machinery manufacturing enterprises come in droves.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building a leading level of global construction machinery.
Whether it is the government, the enterprise, or even the related industry-university-research institute links, we should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set the goal, continue to work hard, and contribute to the construction of a strong country in Hunan.
Wang Yi chaired the meeting of foreign ministers of China and the African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
Whether it is past, present or future, China stands firmly with African brothers.
We advocate the holding of this foreign ministers’ meeting, which is a concrete measure of the important consensus reached by President Intern Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum last September. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council. In order to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
Facing the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity to build strength, resolve disputes through consultation, rely on self-reliance and self-improvement, and rely on development to govern fundamentally.
The foreign ministers of African member countries attending the meeting thanked China for initiating this meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers stated that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and Africa and China have always been the most trustworthy and trustworthy partners of each other.
The African side appreciates China's important role as a permanent member of the Security Council in African affairs. It has effectively promoted the fair and reasonable resolution of African issues and made tremendous efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting African peace and security.
At present, Africa is facing threats of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, uphold the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and oppose unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council and safeguard China and Africa. The vast majority of developing countries have common interests; we all support African countries to solve African problems in an African way, and require the United Nations to provide financial support for African independent peace operations; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve self-determination. Sustained development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of their right to development.
Qingyang, Gansu: Hu Yangtuo came to the "Poverty Relief Classic".
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
In Yima Town Yimin Breeding Professional Cooperative, 58-year-old villager Xia Weili filled the trough in the sheepfold with the last shovel forage and stood by the trough to watch the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. It won't sell for a good price until it is overwhelmed in autumn and winter."
Xia Weili said that he feeds sheep "special nutrition meals" every day, cleans regularly, disinfects and disinfects, and does not dare to neglect to wait carefully.
Xia Weili had raised sheep for more than 20 years. Until he came to the cooperative to work, he didn't know how extensive the sheep were in the past.
Xia Weili is from Xialaichi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His left and right houses are sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional free-range method, the quality of sheep is poor, and the number of slaughter is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xia Wei Li immersed himself in research and breeding all day long, because he always held a strong heart.
The people who bought shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperatives. Whether they can pay dividends and sell prices at the end of the year, they all count on him.
Fortunately, under the guidance of technical staff, he slowly learned to practice epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few breeding "good practices" in the village.
Yimin Breeding Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep barn has a doorway inside and out.
"Wool is thick and prone to bacteria. Hu sheep can't wait in hot and humid places. Sheep sheds must be built on three sides surrounded by grooves. A fan must be installed to ventilate and heat."
Zou Tao said that for epidemic prevention, the sheep shed needs to be sprayed and disinfected regularly, and the sheep should be vaccinated three or four times in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, the "little sheep" must also eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa, etc., and have a "playground" wide enough to stretch the bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship, and guides the local farmers to put high-quality lake sheep here, unified breeding, management, and sales, to achieve improved breeding, scientific, standardized, and intensive farming.
Today, among the 140 poor households with sheep shares, each household pays more than 6,000 yuan a year. There are 4 poverty alleviation targets for filed cardholders working in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "precision feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "look at the body shape, touch the belly" to "make B ultrasound one by one"... In Qingyang, Gansu, mutton sheep breeding is more than just It is a change in feeding methods. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market", overcoming the weakness of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers. Because modern sheep farming is getting better.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd. will buy it at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers diversify market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, General Counsel of Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd., said that by providing services such as loan guarantees, breeding sheep supply, order breeding, quotation acquisition, unified processing and sales to poor households, more and more poor households are driven to read the "Sheep Sutra" .
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 impoverished households have achieved stable income growth through forage farming, fine breeding, large-scale breeding, slaughtering and segmentation, and market sales of Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
Qingyang City is located in the northern ecotone between agriculture and animal husbandry, with rich forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale sheep breeding farms and cooperatives in the city. The number of sheep breeding is more than 5 million, and two processing lines for slaughtering 1.3 million sheep are also being built. The flock is becoming the "leader" for poverty alleviation in this area. .
French finance minister says tax cuts will exceed 10 billion euros next year and calls on Germany to follow up
Reuters, Paris, September 26-French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros (US$ 10.9 billion) next year, and Germany should keep pace with France’s fiscal stimulus A downturn in the economy.
Lemer said in introducing France’s 2020 budget that the ECB’s latest monetary easing measures have created an opportunity for increased investment for those member member governments that have the ability to afford it.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12, and plans to restart debt purchases to drive down borrowing costs, hoping to use it to encourage economic recovery and boost inflation.
"Low interest rates will not allow Europe to return to prosperity. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough," Lemaire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, it needs it now, the sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation worsens before acting," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
France has implemented a tax cut of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has greatly boosted France’s economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, and the German economy that depends on exports bears the brunt.
Lemaire pointed out that the tax burden on French families next year will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently issued an important instruction on the protection of the martyr memorial facilities, emphasizing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyr cemetery.
In order to deeply implement the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary Jinping, and to promote the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the General Office of the State Council, and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "Overall Work Plan for the Management and Maintenance of the Planning and Construction of Martyr Memorial Facilities.
The "Work Plan" is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities. It clarifies the objectives and tasks of the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, and proposes to plan and build commemorative facilities for martyrs, and to improve the red educational base system that promotes the spirit of the heroes and martyrs; Facilities to create a strong social atmosphere that honors heroes and martial arts, and commemorates the merits of the heroes; manages and maintains commemorative facilities for martyrs, and forms a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The "Work Plan" makes it clear that the repair and protection of memorial facilities should be strengthened, and the repair and protection of memorial facilities should be strengthened in accordance with the principle of overall planning and long-term consideration, and the leadership system should be improved to improve policies and regulations. Facilities and equipment to strengthen service capabilities; optimize the content of exhibitions, innovate the exhibition methods, and enhance the overall efficiency.
The Work Plan emphasizes the need to improve the institutional system and organizational security, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Department of Retired Military Affairs, actively cooperate with relevant units, and participate widely in society; around the implementation of the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the legal system, Continue to promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction, management and maintenance of martyr memorial facilities; strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services, and encourage retired soldiers, martyr families, experts, scholars, and young students to actively participate in the interpretation and order maintenance of martyr memorial facilities; Improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to the government-led and diversified input, and actively encourage and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of the martyr memorial facilities.
Study: U.S. National Health Eating Index Increases Slightly, But Still Challenged
China News Service, September 27. According to a report by Qiaobao.com, a recent study in the United States has shown that in the past 16 years, the US government's healthy diet index has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But with a perfect score of 100, this is not worth celebrating.
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, which are the most common diseases among American citizens. Suffering from disease.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study is based on the conclusions of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the US government from 1999 to 2016.
The authors write, "Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges still exist."
It is reported that these challenges include allowing US nationals to reduce their intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fats.
The study found that people's daily dietary intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended upper limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the American national diet is the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the daily intake of added sugar should be less than 10%.
The researchers believe that the reason for the reduction in intake of sugar is related to the reduction of people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang emphasized that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and tomato sauce.
Adults in the United States have increased their intake of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole-grain foods slightly.
However, data from 2016 shows that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people’s intake of salt is slightly reduced, and the reduction in drinking juices has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for up to 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread And other refined grains.
This study is based on personal health surveys that take place every two years. These surveys will allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government’s dietary guidelines for American residents recommend that people adopt a “healthy eating pattern” to reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
The guide points out that people should eat more nutrient-dense foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs, and seed foods that can provide protein.
During the survey, the number of people with diabetes in the United States almost doubled, more than 7%, and the obesity rate has also increased over the years between the surveys—about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease is still the leading cause of death for US nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Ruan Wenping, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, secretary of the Central Secretariat, and Minister of the Central Economic Department, attended the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and individual partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of this forum is "The EU and Asia will be connected: building a bridge for a sustainable future".
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy on the two continents of the European Union.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening the connection is part of the above proposition because it brings benefits to the people and economies of the countries concerned.
The above relationship helps bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to convey messages about enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary session.
The nation's first financial management subsidiary of a joint stock bank was established to use technology to empower asset management business
On the 26th, China Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Wealth Management Co., Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock banking wealth management subsidiary established in my country.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and the establishment of a financial management subsidiary by a bank is conducive to its use of technology to enhance its asset management business.
In April this year, China Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank respectively issued announcements that they had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission to prepare for the establishment of wealth management subsidiaries.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Wealth Management has officially been approved to open.
Just two days later, China Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and was the first to establish Everbright Wealth Management in Qingdao.
Everbright Group Chairman Li Xiaopeng said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern technological thinking and methods, rely on big data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, improve financial capital coverage, utilization and penetration rate, improve customer acquisition, Happiness and security.
By 2021, establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of China's financial technology development, further enhance the financial industry's technology application capabilities, achieve deep integration of finance and technology, and coordinated development, and significantly enhance the people's digital, networked, and intelligent financial products and services Satisfaction.
Everbright Financial Chairman Zhang Xuyang introduced that Everbright Financial's asset management platform will use intelligent investment advisory, intelligent investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher of the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competition situation in the asset management industry, fintech companies and asset management institutions will use asset management technology to jointly explore new growth paths.
Fintech empowers the asset management industry, which is not only the need for financial technology's own transformation and development, but also injects new vigor and vitality into the development of asset management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new asset management technology system to improve the product development and risk control capabilities of asset management with the help of technology and digital methods.
The new system starts with the four major capabilities of product design, sales transactions, asset management, and risk assessment to enhance the overall level of intelligent operation of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while asset management technology enhances customer service capabilities and innovates rich products, it can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and improve the efficiency of asset management.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, the risk preference of customers through questionnaires was easy to be biased, but now the use of artificial intelligence for user portraits helps to better locate customers and launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, which helps to resolve risks. .
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and spatio-temporal data can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while mitigating risks, big data technology will also help improve risk control capabilities.
The deepest record of China's railway tunnel shaft is refreshed
Zhongshan News Agency, Baoshan, September 27 (Zhang Weiming, Xu Weiguo, Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1200 days of construction, the No. 1 shaft of Gaoligongshan Tunnel on the Jianda (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on the 27th, and the depth of the well reached the ground. The following 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of the Chinese railway tunnel shaft, and this record was created under the condition of massive water inrush.
The Darui Railway Gaoligongshan Tunnel with a total length of 34.5 kilometers is located in Yunnan. The tunnel traverses the Gaoligongshan Mountains from the west bank of the Nu River and is the longest single-hole single-track tunnel in Asia.
This tunnel traverses 19 fault zones and has a maximum burial depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that the tunnel construction may encounter, Gaoligongshan Tunnel is called the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of the Gaoligongshan Tunnel, shouldering the important task of increasing the working surface to achieve "long tunnel short hit" and later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 to the bottom of the shaft indicates that the Gaoligongshan Tunnel has officially entered the construction of a horizontal tunnel. After excavation and equipment replacement at the bottom of the shaft, four working surfaces can be added underground to speed up the excavation of the tunnel.
"The vertical wells are all in granite formations. Because there are many fissures in the granite formations, they can't stop the water, and they can't stop flowing from top to bottom. Basically, as long as the well has deep water pressure, it's as big as."
Si Jingzhao, chief engineer of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Darui Railway Project Department, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangers such as mud and water inrush and collapse. The builder invited experts to check the pulse on site and discuss the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the maximum water inflow in the shaft is more than 300 cubic meters per hour, the bottom of the well is more than 700 meters deep, and the water pressure is equivalent to the bottom of 700 meters deep. "
Si Jingzhao said, "If you do not pump and drain in time, you will flood the well 10 meters in 1 hour. We spend almost 85% of the time on water control and 15% of the time on digging."
In order to overcome the geological problems such as the vertical joint development of the surrounding rock of No. 1 shaft, mud burst, water-rich granite and other geological problems, systematic water treatment measures combining "exploration, injection and excavation" are adopted in tunnel construction to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of No. 1 shaft has formed a mechanized assembly line such as an excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc., which has realized the whole process of mechanized operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast, formwork installation, and concrete pouring. To speed up the construction progress.
In the end, after more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
The length of the Darui Railway is 330 kilometers. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Channel and an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the “Belt and Road” initiative.
After it is completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from 6 hours to 2 hours on the current highway, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and play a role in promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges between China and South Asian and Southeast Asian countries. enhancement.
Lin Zhengyue: As a Chinese, I am proud of my national achievements
The Hong Kong press ushered in the 70th anniversary of National Day.
"Hong Kong press to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
The Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Lin Zhengyue, said at the reception that the achievements of the country over the past 70 years are obvious to all, and we are all proud of us as Chinese.
Lin Zhengyue, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Ruoan Special Representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Political Committee of the PLA Force in Hong Kong Chen Yading, Hong Kong Press Celebration National Day Preparatory Committee Executive Chairman Jiang Zaizhong, etc. attended the reception And served as the officiating guest.
Lin Zhengyue pointed out in his speech that China has worked hard for the past 70 years, even though it has faced many difficult challenges, but all of them have overcome and surpassed. The achievements made by the world are obvious to all, and we are all proud of us as Chinese.
After returning to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the mainland, making progress together and sharing fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to play its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, there have been constant social disputes in Hong Kong, every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that friends in the press will continue to face difficulties, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the society, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and return to rational communication and dialogue for the society.
Jiang Zaizhong pointed out in his speech that the glorious course that New China has traveled is also the course of development, common progress, blood ties, honor and shame between Hong Kong and the motherland.
Especially since Hong Kong returned to the motherland, the central government has unswervingly implemented the policies of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong", and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the mainland have worked together to help each other and create a miracle of mutual benefit and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered together to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there has been a series of violent activities that violated the law and destabilized society indiscriminately. Some media published distorted and false reports, which contributed to the violent activities.
He called on the media to spur the air and create a good atmosphere for the whole nation to resist violence and maintain the rule of law.
Professional media people must abide by the professional standards of journalism, use real reports and responsible speech to guide citizens to consciously and violently cut off, and maintain the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and toasted with the officiating guests to send blessings to the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Xining Municipal Party Committee Propaganda Department that Xining City will implement the "Xining City Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations" from October 1st, focusing on 15 types of uncivilized pedestrians who do not follow traffic lights and throw objects from buildings. Behavior, make a list of key governance and set corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy director of the Propaganda Department of Xining Municipal Party Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, said that since Xining was awarded the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the civil literacy and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians crossing roads, running red lights, and non-motorized vehicles not passing traffic lights; parabolic parachutes, parabolic windows, and smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places, and letting them defecate everywhere are still very prominent and are easy to rebound. It needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
The regulations combine Xining’s reality with regard to public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental sanitation, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, construction of civilized campuses, promotion of civilized family construction, execution of official duties, commemoration of heroes and martyrs, medical services, etc. It has set more comprehensive and higher standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units, so that the whole society can understand "what can be done", "what to promote" and "what to forbid".
"The enactment of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of cognition of civilized behaviors, and comprehensively regulate citizens' manners, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green living, wedding and funeral services, etc. The normalization of the establishment of sexual spiritual civilization provides a strong guarantee of the rule of law."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary general of the Standing Committee of the Xining Municipal People's Congress, said.
Tonight, Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed
Beijing News (Reporter Pei Jianfei) This (September 27) afternoon, the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice saying that from September 27 to October 7, Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 extended the last bus operation date Adjustments will be made.
During the extended operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes for every train.
Line 1 extended its operating time from west to east by 61 minutes, and extended from east to west by 64 minutes. The departure time of the last bus along each line was after 00:30 the next day; line 2 extended its inner ring operation by 81 minutes and outer ring extended 95 hours Minutes, the departure time of the last bus of each station along the line is after 0:20 the next day, and the last bus of the front gate station is off at 00:50 the next day.
The last train of Beijing West Railway Station (towards Coking Plant Station) on Line 7 is extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the last bus of Coking Factory Station (towards Beijing West Station) is extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist's car key fell into the lake, the whole family was trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, UK, took two children to France for a holiday, but accidentally dropped the car key into the lake. The family was forced to wait five days before they got the new key prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
According to reports, when the British family visited a lake in France on September 16, local time, her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car key inside fell into the lake.
But they spent several hours and failed to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help because the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reordered the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the prepared key, and the couple left the country with the children.
The trip they booked was cancelled due to the loss of the car key.
Saudi Arabia officially releases tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai, 27th) From now on, Saudi Arabia has officially opened tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 riyals (about 836 RMB).
Tourists must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Visitors can apply for a landing visa at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic visa through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is multiple entry a year, allowing tourists to stay up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because this country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammer bin Salman, aimed at reducing the country’s long-term dependence on oil, and opening up tourism and developing tourism are its important components. section.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko paid a working visit to Vietnam's Xingan Province.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, Secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the significant achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion of MAZ ASIA's automobile production and installation plant and the commencement of production are important development steps in the cooperation between the two countries and help to promote the cooperative relationship between Hinggan Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, said that Xing'an has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian companies investing in the province, and hopes that Belarus will take more effective measures in the future to encourage Belarusian companies to invest in Xing'an and Vietnam. To assist in the training and transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko thanked Xing'an for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and business activities recently.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as production permits for low-risk foods, delegating the handling of representative offices of foreign companies to the free trade zone
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a memorandum of work to introduce 20 reform measures for market regulation, some of which are the first pilots in the country.
According to reports, notification of commitment means that the administrative agency informs the applicant of the conditions and requirements stipulated by laws and regulations in writing at the time when it handles the relevant license registration matters.
After the applicant signs the undertaking, the administrative organ may directly handle it.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone to register enterprises in the name, apply for the simple process, low-risk variety food production license, and some measurement instruments. Access is more convenient.
Shanghai Shaowansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the promise on the 27th and became the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food permit can also be obtained on the spot, and it also adopted a "tolerance acceptance" method, that is, allowing the enterprise to submit part of the materials within the time limit agreed in the notification commitment, "I really feel the convenience of reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production permits was the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the review and approval link was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material review, and approval certification" to the three links of "registration, acceptance, and approval certification". 20 working days, shortened to the spot.
Considering the high export-oriented characteristics of Pudong's economy, the Shanghai market regulatory authority delegates the registration of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, which is convenient for enterprises to handle nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization of authority involved a total of 1,592 households in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone Permanent Representative Office, of which 99 households have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"Eleventh" Long Holiday Consumption Survey: Choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
The National Day holiday is approaching and people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
"Securities Daily" reporter recently launched a small survey on the "Eleven" holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. The nearly 20 feedbacks received show that although everyone's plans are different, "tourism + consumption" has become the "Eleven" holiday. Key words.
Specifically, in the feedback obtained by the reporter of the Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "I plan to take my family to Shanghai during the "Eleventh", Disney is the first stop, and then go to the surrounding cities for a turn"; Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "A family of three departed on September 28 and planned a 10-day tour around the island"; Miss Ma of Chongqing planned the outbound tour, the destination is Singapore; Mr. Zhang's family of Hebei chose self-driving tour, he said "the daughter is less than two years old, It is not convenient to go far, plan to drive to Shandong by yourself, and play for a few days at the beach."
Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Tourism recently released the "2019 National Day Golden Week Resident Travel and Travel Trend Report", which shows that the consumption upgrade trend of this year's National Day Golden Week travel and travel in the three segments of travel, housing and travel is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, Meituan’s “2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report” shows that tourism consumption continues to be strong and presents a trend of diversified upgrades of “eating, living, and playing”.
More young people travel for high-quality, distinctive experiences, and cultural tourism and night tourism continue to soar.
In addition to tourism, various consumer demands are also released in a concentrated manner during the "Eleventh" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the "Securities Daily" reporter, "The main plan for this year's "Eleventh" is to buy a car. "
A staff member of a Beijing automobile brand 4S shop told a reporter from Securities Daily that generally speaking, September and October each year are called the golden period of car sales.
During the "Eleventh" period, the store will launch a lot of activities, such as lottery draws, shop to reduce and so on.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models, and it is expected that the effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrade, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of services such as culture and education continues to increase.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of a child, cultural and educational consumption has become the mainstay of household consumption expenditure.
This year's "Eleventh" row is full, I will go to the "punch" planetarium, children's theater, about a few family weekends to go to the Elk Museum to set up tent camping, and also arranged some trial listening lessons. "
Some insiders said that in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrade is from survival-oriented consumption to development-oriented consumption and enjoyable consumption. Among them, a considerable part of enjoyable consumption is in the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of my country's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people are paying more and more attention to the spiritual level of consumer demand. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, catching up with the “11th” National Day holiday, the time is more ample, people are more willing to travel and consume, which can not only meet the spiritual level of consumer demand, but also reflect the consumption upgrade of residents.
I was lonely in the afternoon, and I didn't want to go out. I hadn't adjusted the state of the children's absence.
Keep your spirits up and say to your dog Nana: Mom takes you out.
After carefully writing a few things to do when going out, the personality characteristics of blood type A are getting stronger and stronger, and I feel very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutritional tablets, pay, buy sashimi, nana snacks.
The above is the reason to go out.
On the phone, I just told my sister Ai Qiang thanks to Nana, or even the excuse to buy small snacks.
There was a casual smile over there, saying that the child hung up when he called.
Nana jumped into the assistant's seat in a light car, and fell down honestly. She knew that she was motion sick, anxious, and unwilling to accompany me.
Husband Boao rarely returned early.
I repeatedly praised the delicious salad of salmon and avocado, and went to the bedroom to watch TV in bed.
A glance at the wall of the wall, just 7 o'clock, the country of sunrise is also early sunset, the sky has been dark.
In the circle of friends are inventing the month, it turns out that today is actually the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends, left half to Boao, and left the rest in the favorite flower bowl, and went out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I eat grapes and she eats the skin, and then I spit the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon was hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, the clouds were walking, and the moon appeared and flickered, bright and dark.
All kinds of poems about the moon are surging in my mind, but I just like this sentence clearly: every three or five reunions / full of clear light protection jade fence / heavenly round only to hold out / the people on earth look up.
Maybe we have given too much emotion to the moonlight. For me now, in fact, the phrase God’s return to God, Caesar’s return to Caesar is the best.
Moonlight returns to the moonlight, emotions belong to you.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon is chilling.
The Nana regiment had a slight snoring sound at their feet, stood up, and laid Nana's small blanket on the edge of her little house, Nana lying happily on it.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water ready?
The moon can't be seen from the bathroom window, only the moonlight can be felt. Turn off the bathroom lights and pull open the glass.
I did not eat moon cakes and did not drink alcohol.
The mascot will be released at Expo 2020 Dubai.
The mascot release ceremony of the 2020 Dubai World Expo will be held on the 26th in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot consists of 6 cartoon characters, including two UAE children, 3 flying robots, and a UAE national tree, a mesquite tree.
The briefing introduced the 6 mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
9-year-old boy Rashid and 8-year-old girl Latifah are brothers and sisters, representing the UAE people.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the World Expo. The blue robot represents "liquidity", the green robot represents "sustainability", and the yellow robot represents "opportunity".
An ancient mesquite tree named "Salama" is the "old grandmother" of 5 "little guys", symbolizing the ancestors who guard this land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo Senior Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants, "I believe the Dubai Expo mascot will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, show the creativity of local talents, and express our Ambitions and expectations".
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation, Director of Dubai Expo Bureau Lim Hashimi and others attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai World Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme of "Communicating Thoughts and Creating the Future".
This will be the first time that the World Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduates based on college entrance examination results
Recently, the German Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website: Starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for undergraduates in German universities based on the results of the college entrance examination. There is no need to register in domestic universities.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who wanted to apply for German universities need to study one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduate) in domestic undergraduate studies, and pass the APS audit or TestAS exam.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will take effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants must meet: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school graduation certificate; participate in the conference examination and college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more (if the total score is 750 points, it needs to reach 525 points or more), and of which Contains two language scores and one math or science score.
In addition, specific majors have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, to apply for majors such as medicine, stomatology, veterinary medicine, and pharmacy, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two of mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology, or participate in the science synthesis; apply For law majors, the score of the college entrance examination must reach 80% of the full score, and the subjects of the college entrance examination must include at least two of foreign language, history, and geography, or participate in the cultural synthesis.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking the United Kingdom as an example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University, and Leicester University all accept Chinese students applying for college entrance examinations.
The military "robot" will take the performance class first. Cirque du Soleil: Consider including the performance lineup.
The US military has invested in the development of a "robot dog" for use on the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which is developing robots, to discuss the feasibility of using robots for circus performances.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics announced on the 24th the "four-legged robot Spot" promotional video, the content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot, can carry 14 kg, has a high degree of adaptability to off-road terrain, 360-degree avoidance Barrier function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has a dedicated software platform specially developed for Spot. Users can set Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the concept of the robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but it has not yet been really put into commercial application.
However, Boston Dynamics pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the mass production stage, and most of the subscribers are construction and energy companies.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conception stage and is evaluating Spot's potential for use in the performance scene.
The State Council Information Office released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council issued the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, deputy minister of the Central Propaganda Department and director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces issues such as "where does China come from and where does it go", "what kind of world does China promote", and "how does developed China get along with the world"? China's development achievements, development roads, and development trends, in-depth elaboration of China's relationship with the world, in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China over the past 70 years, earth-shaking changes have taken place in China, creating unprecedented development miracles in human history. In particular, since the party’s 18th National Congress, China has made historic achievements and historical changes.
Through a large amount of data and facts, the white paper introduces the tremendous achievements, significance and world contribution of China's development in the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that China has spent decades to complete the development process that developed countries have traveled for hundreds of years, and its economic aggregate ranks second in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have escaped from material shortages and have reached a well-off level overall, enjoying unprecedented dignity and right.
The white paper emphasizes that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have been self-made, self-reliant, and struggling to work out a new world; for 70 years, China has developed in the connection and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning the world, and contributing to the world; for 70 years, China has realized its self At the same time of development, it has contributed to world peace and injected momentum into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development in the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and will unswervingly follow this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a path established based on the national conditions of the country, a path that puts the interests of the people first, a path of reform and innovation, a path of seeking common development in opening up, and a path The road to comprehensively govern the country according to law.
China's development path conforms to China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times. It will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
In response to the international community’s concerns about China’s development, the white paper emphasizes that achieving the prosperity of the country, national rejuvenation, and people’s happiness are both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and source of power for world economic growth. Opening to the outside world in an all-round way creates more opportunities for the development of various countries, China provides more public goods for the international community, and China provides experience and lessons for other developing countries. China will never take the road of "national power must be hegemony."
Faced with the age of "what's going on with the world and what will humans do," the white paper points out that the world today is undergoing a major change that hasn't happened in a century. Human society is both full of hope and full of challenges.
China proposes to build a community with a shared future for mankind, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation and common development, which provides new options for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations at its core, promote civilization exchanges and mutual learning, and jointly promote the building of a community of shared future for mankind and a better world.
With China's growing development, the international community generally pays attention to how developed China gets along with the world.
The white paper pointed out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always put its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adheres to win-win cooperation and common development, maintains and promotes economic globalization, actively develops global partnerships, firmly supports multilateralism, safeguards international fairness and justice, and promotes joint construction." The “Belt and Road” high-quality development, actively participate in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a maintainer of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era of China, the determination to take the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination to learn from each other and to win-win cooperation with other countries, and the determination to walk hand in hand with the world will not change.
The white paper concludes that in today's world, the future and destiny of countries have never been so closely connected as they are now.
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" is composed of a preface, text and conclusion. The full text is more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in 8 languages ​​including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic, and Japanese. It is published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House, and is distributed in Xinhua Bookstores across the country.
Is MCA going to the Johor Tanjung Piyao National Council by-election?
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "Deliver to the BN Supreme Council for discussion!"
The Tanjung Biai National Council by-election is imminent, and whether the MCB member party's MCA will enter the traditional national seat attracts attention.
However, after the MCA Central Committee held a meeting, it was announced that it would be handed over to the BN Supreme Council to decide whether this MCA traditional seat should continue to be handed over to MCA or to be replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the MCA Central Committee meeting on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-elections will be conducted in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOPs), that is, the final decision will only be made after a meeting of the BN Supreme Council.
He said that since the Election Committee will meet next Monday (1st) to finalize the Tanjung Biai National By-elections, the BN Supreme Council meeting is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met BN President Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahi, and we all agreed that we must retake this seat from the Hope Alliance."
"We are finalizing a special BN leader meeting in early October, and the three party leaders of the BN will determine which member party will enter the battle."
Asked whether MCA will insist on the traditional seat of the BN Supreme Council, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the MCA president, he must act according to standard operating procedures, so any decision must achieve BN consensus.
"In any by-election, there are people who are willing to go out, there are political parties, and there are certain parties who think they should come out. This is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance are we from?"
"This is a great test for us to form a political alliance for many years. We believe that BN has come along along the way and upholds some valuable values."
"In the process, some people might say something, that's not surprising."
"However, once the BN Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone must prepare for the battle, which is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that MCA would go all out to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung Biai National By-election at three levels, namely the district conference, the State Joint Commission and the Central Committee.
"The conference is led by Datuk Seri Huang Risheng, the chairman of the (Tan Rong Biai) conference; the State Joint Committee will be led by the acting chairman of the Johor Joint Committee, Datuk Lin Peixing; and the Central Committee will be the acting president Datuk Ma Hanshun and General Secretary Datuk Zhang Shengwen personally deployed."
Last Saturday (21st), the Indigenous Solidarity Party Tanjung Biai MP Datuk Mohammad Farri died of heart problems at the Pontian Government Hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei, was ordered to "voluntarily patrol the mountains" for hunting wild animals
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei, was sentenced for hunting wild animals, and he was ordered to compensate the ecological resources and environmental damage repair costs of 15420 yuan (RMB, the same below).
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organs enabled the use of alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs, and achieved an organic unification of legal and social effects.
The deputy inspector general of Baokang County Procuratorate Wang Zhongliang introduced on the 27th that through three months of "voluntary patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou had established a deep relationship with the wild macaque and was deeply blamed for the previous animal hunting behavior. .
On June 21 this year, Baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal public welfare lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was publicly heard in the county court and pronounced in court.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment, four years’ probation, and a fine of 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15420 yuan for the repair of ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid at the mountain cliff in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals successively, including impala, small deer, and tufted deer.
The impala is a national second-level endangered wild animal, and the small deer and tufted deer are listed in the National Terrestrial Wildlife Conservation List.
During the court trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation in Zhou's home, under the coordination of Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, forest station, and Zhou Mou reached an alternative labor compensation ecological restoration fee agreement: that Zhou passed through the village macaque protection area Macaque domestication and management work, voluntary mountain tour, forest protection for one year, provide public welfare services to offset the cost of ecological restoration.
Regarding the prosecutor’s proposal, the court acknowledged that while agreeing to Zhou’s probation, he actively fulfilled his obligation of “alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs”.
At present, Zhou has been working in the macaque reserve for 3 months, and he has been active in the mountains and has performed well.
In recent years, the Procuratorate of Baokang County has integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically used supervision methods such as procuratorial advice, investigation supervision, and litigation supervision, and used judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
The United Nations awarded the "Earth Guardian Award" for "Ant Forest"
In the warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the project leader of "Ant Forest", and user representative Shen Junliang walked onto the podium and took over the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Earth Guardian Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Earth Guardian Award" award ceremony was held on the 26th in New York, USA. The "Ant Forest" project that used mobile phone applets to bring hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection activities won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but the people who participated in the awards ceremony on that day are still unable to hide their excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Program, Inge An Nuosheng, said, "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that allows hundreds of millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and how humans can What to do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that each individual can participate in actions to protect the earth, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial Services for short) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users record low-carbon green trips in their daily lives, online payment of water and electricity bills, etc. in the "Ant Forest". Actions accumulate "green energy" and "plant trees" in mobile phones.
Every time a user develops a virtual tree, the "ant forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in the desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "Ant Forest" users had accumulated 7.92 million tons of carbon emissions and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Earth Guardian Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado who came to receive the award praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene, "can inspire so many people It is impressive to participate in green actions."
Jing Xiandong, Chairman and CEO of Ant Financial, said that the "Earth Guardian Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that the "ant forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "ant forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people worldwide to participate in low-carbon actions.
While preventing desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through planting trees, we also hope to help farmers increase their income through agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare and environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used by other countries for reference.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon life.
According to reports, GCash will work with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental charity organizations to plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of project launch.
The "Earth Guardian Award" is the highest award in the field of environmental protection of the United Nations and is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award, which is the third year in a row that the green innovation project from China won the "Incentive and Action Award" following the construction of the Saihanba Forest Farm and the "Thousand Village Demonstration and Ten Thousand Village Renovation" project in Zhejiang Province, China .
Economic and trade frictions affect the "transcript" of the US economy.
The US economic transcript in the second quarter of this year showed that the growth rate of the US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed down significantly from the previous quarter due to the significant decline in private sector investment and exports.
Analysts pointed out that the economic and trade frictions and the uncertainties it brought were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th shows that the US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, which is the same as the previously revised data, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data shows that consumption growth has become the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
The personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total US economy, increased 4.6% quarter-on-quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter compared with the previous quarter, dragging the economic growth by 1.16 percentage points; exports fell by 5.7% from the previous quarter, and net exports dragged the economic growth by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of the US-based Ironside Macroeconomic Consulting Company, said that not only did private sector investment fail to maintain last year’s growth momentum, but there was a sharp decline. This was due to economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty. Blow.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainties, US corporate capital expenditures are expected to continue to decline next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainties it has brought have affected consumer confidence and constituted a US consumer outlook. Negative Effects.
Richard Curtin, the head of the survey and professor of economics at the University of Michigan, recently said that in a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy. New high.
Regarding the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are alleviated, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
British economist think tank global economist Karin Burch predicts that the future US economy will continue the gradual downward trend this year, and the growth rate will drop to a lower level than the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, predicts that, assuming that economic and trade frictions will not continue to escalate, the US economic growth rate will be 2.3% this year, and it will further slow down to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises is the economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If the economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced, and the performance of the industrial sector will be better than It's much better now.
Matt Melley, a stock strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade friction is still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether the economic and trade friction can be properly resolved will affect this year. The key to the direction of US capital markets in the remaining time.
Ningxia’s first couple’s joint parental leave for parents of children aged 0 to 3 can take 10 days off each year
The protection of women’s legitimate rights and interests is a manifestation of respect and protection of human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th NPC of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region Women's Rights and Interests Protection Regulations" was approved by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated by Ningxia at the provincial level to comprehensively safeguard women’s legal rights and interests, and will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the “Regulations” adopted this time were revised on the basis of the “Ningxia Measures for the Implementation of the “Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests” in 2007, divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general rules, political rights, cultural education Rights and interests, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities, supplementary provisions.
In the "Regulations", Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave, which is the first in the country.
In April of this year, the “Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Young Children under 3 Years Old” promulgated by the General Office of the State Council has relevant descriptions for husband and wife together.
In the process of revising the "Regulations," Ningxia innovatively proposed "to encourage employers to give couples who have children in compliance with laws and regulations, to give them 10 days of joint parental leave each year from the child's age of zero to three years."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the "Regulations" incorporates the latest legislative achievements in China's current Civil Code Personality Rights Code, and specifies the elements of sexual harassment, the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits frequent sexual assaults against girls, and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, which has become a new benchmark for protecting girls in local legislation.
Regarding women’s right to know and handle common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women’s right to know about common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, providing solid institutional support for women’s rights protection.
In addition, in response to social hot issues-sex discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders to prohibit indirect discrimination, and absorbs the latest joint interview practical experience, and strengthens the penalties for violations of sex discrimination. Protect women's legitimate rights and interests more effectively.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women’s Federation Joint Public Prosecution Law Department, Civil Affairs and other departments have promoted and introduced social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence, and the results have been very significant.
The "Regulations" summarizes and improves this. Several laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and accumulate social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require the people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional guarantees and support through the purchase of services, etc. .
Inner Mongolia Xing'an League Academician Yuan Longping's Work Station
The reporter learned from the Xing'an League Administrative Office of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that good news was received from the "Congress on the Field Test and Acceptance of Salt-Alkali Tolerant Rice of the Academician Workstation of Yuan Longping of Xing'an League" held recently by Mengli. The average yield per mu of salt-tolerant rice exceeded 1,000. jin.
A production test expert group composed of 6 experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University, Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, sampled and harvested the "Xingyan Series" rice on site.
According to expert evaluation, on land with a PH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5‰ to 6‰, the average saline-tolerant rice yields 508.8 kg of rice per mu.
Wang Shigang, Executive Director of Academician Yuan Longping's Workstation in Xing'an League, said: "Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, and cultivate and optimize the salt-tolerant rice varieties again to improve quality and yield. . "
Lai Yongcai, head of the expert group for production testing and vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: "Under the premise that the production factors remain unchanged, I think that by continuing to strengthen scientific and technological research, salt-tolerant rice will continue to be produced on saline land. Miracle."
Xing'an League belongs to the contiguous and destitute area in the south of Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's workstation was unveiled in Xing'an League.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated “saline-alkali-tolerant hybrid rice” varieties and advanced technologies, to build a 960-acre saline-alkali-tolerant rice base in Horqin Youyizhongqi, using the technology route of side-by-side demonstration to promote The local poor population increased production and income, and got rid of poverty and became rich.
The on-site production of saline-alkali-resistant rice not only injects hope into the promotion of medium-low-yield saline-alkali fields in Xing'an League, but also provides a scientific basis for rice cultivation in saline-alkali fields under the same conditions in my country.
According to the Australian website, after a marathon debate and several weeks of protests, on September 26 local time, Australia’s NSW passed the Abortion Legalization Act.
It is reported that the bill has sparked political debate in the past 8 weeks. Since the independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
The report said that after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the Abortion Legalization Act by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the NSW Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the NSW House of Representatives, NSW abortion was legalized.
The bill allows women to terminate their pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy, and if two doctors agree, it also allows women to have an abortion later in pregnancy.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment to allow doctors to seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing abortions for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also included that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survived termination of pregnancy.
Earlier, the governor of NSW, Berry Ji Kelian, had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berry Ji Kelian had repeatedly intervened to gain more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berry Ji Kelian defended his absentee vote: "I need to spend time managing the entire NSW."
It is reported that Australian Liberal MP Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the NSW government because of the bill, saying that the bill triggered a "government crisis."
But then, Davis made a concession.
Davis said: "The content of the amendment to the Abortion Legalization Bill submitted to the House on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors."
At the same time, Australia's NSW National Party leader Barillaro said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for NSW. It legalizes abortion, abortion is no longer a criminal act, and it does not treat aborted women as criminals."
Major projects of Sany Group settled in Zhuzhou.
A total investment of 15 billion yuan will focus on the development of intelligent petroleum equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Sany Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional R&D center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. It is expected that the annual comprehensive output value will exceed 200 billion yuan.
The Sany Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project with a total investment of 10 billion yuan is located in Hetang District, which will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even the central part. It is also a smart manufacturing and processing center for metal structural parts of the Sany Group; a total investment of 5 billion yuan Yuan's Petroleum Intelligent Equipment and Regional R&D Center (Headquarters Base) project is located in Qingshuitang, and will focus on the construction of petroleum intelligent equipment production bases and build regional R&D centers and headquarters bases.
At the same time, Sany Group will also build a second-hand construction machinery market in Zhuzhou High-tech Zone Auto Expo Park and carry out pragmatic cooperation in areas such as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with Sany Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the “No. 1 Project” for the city’s investment attraction this year. The municipal party secretary Mao Tengfei and the mayor Yang Weiguo led the establishment of a special coordination group to efficiently connect and advance high-level and provide high-quality and efficient for the development of Sany Group in Zhuzhou. Service, from intention to contact to formally sign a cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned assets to enrich the social security fund.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun said on the 27th that as of now, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, and the total amount of state-owned capital transferred was about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the deployment meeting of the National Transfer of State-owned Capital Enrichment Social Security Fund, which was jointly held by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, and the SASAC.
"Transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is a comprehensive reflection of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system. It is a current and long-term consideration. Policy measures."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for Transferring Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", which requires that some central enterprises and some provinces be selected for pilot projects.
According to Liu Kun, the preliminary work of the transfer has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three groups of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred, and the total transfer of state-owned capital is about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer work of the central financial institutions where the Ministry of Finance fulfills the responsibilities of investors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of enterprise transfer has been carried out one after another.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed, transferring state-owned capital of 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out preliminary preparations for the transfer, which laid the foundation for the next step of the transfer.
According to the notice issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission recently, the transfer of part of the state-owned capital by the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on that day made specific arrangements for the comprehensive launch of the transfer work.
The meeting emphasized that the transfer must be done pragmatically and efficiently.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
Working hours are tight and tasks are heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer is completed as required; solidly advance the work, accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination, and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
Transfer of state-owned assets to enrich the social security fund — Starting from the starting point of “enriching the social security base money bag”, the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but rather a "mathematical addition".
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human and Social Affairs, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Promotion of the Transfer of Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich the Work of the Social Security Fund", which clarified the timetable for the transfer of state-owned assets to the social security fund. The transfer of part of the state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund was fully launched in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the shares held by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Agricultural Bank of China to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two equity transfers exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to regulations, the undertaking entities such as the Social Security Foundation, as financial investors, enjoy the right to income, disposal, and right to know about the state-owned equity that they are classified into.
ICBC and ABC stated in the announcement that this change in equity will not cause changes to the Bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that a similar transfer of state-owned enterprises' equity is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition" that can inspire a series of effects.
The first step of the "addition result" of the transfer of some state-owned assets to social security can naturally reflect that the state-owned enterprises are owned by the whole people and the development results are shared by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in the Chinese economy, and their overall profitability is relatively strong and stable.
Among them, leading enterprises continue to achieve better, bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately stated that it will work with relevant departments to fully promote the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund in accordance with the deployment of the State Council Executive Meeting, fully embodying the intergenerational equity of the basic pension insurance system and the achievements of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to enhance the sustainability of my country's social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, my country's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the state-owned assets that have been transferred this time have the ability to continue to make profits and pay dividends. They not only can effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of water for the social security fund.
Some calculations show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state capital transferred, the contribution rate of basic pension insurance for enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third transfer step "addition result" is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The method of transferring the main body of the undertaking to obtain income is "dividend-based, operation supplemented".
As a financial investor in state-owned capital, the Social Security Fund does earn equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, social security funds have strong capital operation capabilities.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in holding shares will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed companies, which will help to improve the level of corporate operations and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, the social security fund as an investment vane, the increase in the shareholding weight, is conducive to further enhance its influence in the market, and play a role of "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors, and guide investors to rational investment and value investment.
Karl Hartmann (Karl Hartmann) was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory at the age of 18, and later studied under Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted in the form of works not published in Germany, and even stopped writing.
In 1933, he composed the symphony of suffering (Miserae) and dedicated this work to "my long-sleeping friends."
In 1935, this symphony was premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman decided not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto is a violin and string concerto, when the manuscript of this music was stolen out of Germany and held its first performance in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate approves Scalia as secretary of labor
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding and Deng Xianlai) The US Senate voted on the 26th to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Secretary of Labor.
The voting result was 53 votes in favor and 44 votes against. No Democrats voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia’s curriculum vitae makes him very suitable as a minister of labor.
But in the opinion of Democrats, Scalia has long stood the opposite of workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
After being accused of “leniency” against US billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who was suspected of sexual assault and abduction of young girls, then the Minister of Labour, Acosta, announced his resignation in July this year under the pressure of huge public opinion.
Scalia, 56, is a partner of a well-known US law firm. His father is the late United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the cabinet-level department of the US federal government and is responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement on the day that Trump had nominated Peter Genna, acting director of the Federal Emergency Measures Agency, to formally lead the agency.
In accordance with the procedure, Gaynor’s nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Measures Agency is part of the US Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with emergencies and follow-up matters such as natural disasters and terrorist attacks that occur in the United States.
Since the debut of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of the National Day, every time a large military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day parade is the first time the Rocket Army made its debut on Chang'an Street after changing from'pawn' to'army'."
Wang Bo, the person in charge of the Rocket Army equipment team command team, said.
The guided missile unit fully carried forward the spirit of being able to endure hardship, fighting, and dedication. The training was carefully selected and scientifically organized. The military training showed three major characteristics throughout the process. It showed a good image of strategic military services and paid more attention to strict style of work.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers are strictly required by the standards to forge a strong style that is strictly enforced and banned.
They also pay attention to carrying forward the craftsmanship spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance, and style, and formed the characteristics of "military attitude, fast movement, and bright answers", and continue to use the strict style to create a powerful missile phalanx. Pay more attention to technological innovation.
The Rocket Army, as a high-tech strategic service, stresses science and technology and emphasizes innovation is an excellent tradition and advantage.
On this military parade training, based on drawing on previous experience, they broke the stereotypes, broke the traditional methods, and used advanced methods such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality and efficiency, and ensure the integration of people and vehicles. It's not too bad, and the team's actions are not minute or second, and it is more in line with the actual combat standards.
The Rocket Army review troops adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold each gate and focus on every detail, let the review troops undergo hardening and tempering, and truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground for enhancing the combat effectiveness of the troops. And examination room.
Iran is confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iran nuclear agreement
China News Service, September 27. According to "Central News Agency", the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to manufacture enriched uranium has once again violated the Iranian nuclear agreement.
According to reports, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iranian nuclear agreement in response to US President Trump withdrawing from the Iranian nuclear agreement in May 2018, resuming and strengthening sanctions against Iran.
Iran has suspended two other commitments in July, that is to keep the stock of enriched uranium below 300 kg, and the purity of enriched uranium does not exceed 3.67 %. Now there are further moves.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only install about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate uranium enrichment. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but it does not produce enrichment. uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for the manufacture of nuclear bombs.
The report said that the International Atomic Energy Agency report stated: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges of type 2 and type 3... which are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to Member States on the 26th. A diplomat responded: "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Vietnam-Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, chairman of the Vietnam Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said that VKBIA will work together to strengthen the relationship between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to 100 billion US dollars in 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step in achieving the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese party, government and relevant functional agencies in South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, deputy ambassador of Vietnam in South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for the exchange and sharing of experiences and ideas of entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea, aiming to expand investment and cooperation space and help each other to make Vietnam’s economic development and integration into the international economy more effective The contribution contributed to the vigorous development of Vietnam-Korea trade relations.
At the unveiling ceremony, the representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with the representatives of Vietnam Farms and Agricultural Enterprises Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea, and the two countries are strengthening practical cooperation in the fields of diplomacy, defense, security and other fields to promote trade and investment cooperation, aiming to achieve a two-way trade volume of 1,000 in 2020 It was born in the context of the goal of 100 million dollars.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education of the Cabinet of Ministers of the new Italian government and member of the five-star movement, recently submitted a motion to the Parliament to recommend that the Italian government implement a new type of beverages, snacks and air tickets with high sugar content tax policy.
According to reports, according to the bill motion proposed by the Minister of Education Fiolamonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on health food products such as sugary drinks and snacks; at the same time, it will levy an environmental tax on air tickets and domestic flights 1 Euros, the international class charges 1.5 euros.
Fiolamonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in taxes.
The tax proceeds will be used for education, health and environmental protection.
In this regard, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he thinks this is a feasible plan; Italian parliamentarians, European parliamentarians, and Union Party leader Salvini tweeted ironically, please everyone quickly hurry up desserts, cookies, bread and candy All are hidden because the new government will begin to levy snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to a special tax imposed on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of this tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
China News Service, Ottawa, September 26 (Reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada Cong Peiwu held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that since the founding of New China 70 years ago, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the people across the country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved world-renowned achievements, which not only profoundly changed the face of China and benefited the country. The people also have far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch the 70th anniversary of the new China theme photo exhibition held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world, and has made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and always advocates the basic principles of international relations centered on the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of the international order.
China's development provides new opportunities for the development of countries in the world, including Canada, and benefits the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu emphasized that the development of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years shows that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect can relations between the two countries develop along the right track.
On the contrary, the relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
China-Canada relations are currently experiencing serious difficulties, and the responsibility lies not with China.
"The trouble should end it " .
It is hoped that the Canadian side will come up with a solution to the prominent problems in the bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for the relations between the two countries to return to the right track.
More than 700 Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, envoys in Canada, and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students attended the reception.
Counselors of the Chinese Embassy in Canada, Chen Mingjian, and Counselor Heng Xiaojun, and other embassy diplomats attended the reception.
At the reception, a theme photo exhibition on the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and diplomats from the embassy performed distinctive cultural and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has appeared in a public event.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22, and delivered a copy of the book of state to Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Protocol Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was permanently resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this mission to Canada, he served as Director of the North American Oceania Division of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Previously, he served as Minister Counselor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand cooperation with Laos
Mr. Ruan Dezhong reviewed the mutual visit activities of the delegations with practical significance from both sides and affirmed that these activities will help to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries that President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fengweihan are expecting.
Mr. Ruan Dezhong hoped that Ambassador Thongsavan would continue to play a role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Thongsavan said that Laos has learned and learned from Vietnam’s many successful experiences and was impressed by the breakthrough developments that Hanoi and even Vietnam have achieved in recent years.
Ambassador Thongsavan expressed gratitude to the Hanoi municipal government for providing strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the volatile global situation, the Vietnam-Laos relationship will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Ruan Dezhong will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission in ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Guests including Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Space Planning Sophie and ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu attended the reception.
More than 1,000 people including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, missions in ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of Chinese and overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and overseas students, and children of "I and China" themed children's paintings won the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao Qian, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the mission in ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era in Chinese history.
China has progressed from closedness and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of food and clothing to comprehensive prosperity, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and prosperity, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, becoming rich and becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress, political mutual trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has continued to advance, and exchanges in various fields have been comprehensively expanded. China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has been stable and far-reaching.
The China-ASEAN relationship has been constantly upgraded and upgraded, and has always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and has effectively promoted regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and changes of New China over the past 70 years lies in the fact that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a road of a strong country that can pass, go right, and go well.
The picture shows "Themed Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" to attract guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always go hand in hand with each other to jointly promote the construction of a new type of international relations and a community with a shared future for mankind, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the glorious achievements of New China for 70 years and reflecting the relations between China, Indonesia and China-ASEAN.
The video, which was divided into "China's brilliant achievements in development", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-reaching", and "China-ASEAN relations have been upgraded", won enthusiastic applause from the audience.
At the reception, a theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was also arranged to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first batch of self-driving taxi teams start trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the pilot operation of the autonomous driving taxi team Robotaxi has officially started.
The first batch of 45 Apollo and FAW Hongqi jointly developed the "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi fleet in the Changsha part of the open test section to start trial operation.
From now on, ordinary citizens of Changsha can log in to the Apollo official website to apply to become a seed user, and have the opportunity to try the ride experience.
An experienced passenger said that he sat in the back row of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger's seat, and started the automatic driving journey of the vehicle with one click.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
During the driving process, the vehicle can intelligently change lanes according to the road conditions, and can also judge the driving status of surrounding vehicles, and automatically evade the situation of overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen displays real-time pedestrians, cars, and even some traditional blind zone road conditions in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see ahead of time the change of traffic lights and waiting time and other information, all vehicle conditions and road conditions at a glance.
Unmanned driving has heard on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it is amazing to find it in our lives.
We look forward to it going into the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha’s open roads for autonomous driving test pass through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Dawang Mountain, High-tech Zone, etc., with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of ​​70 square kilometers. It is currently China. The road has the longest mileage and the largest area, covering the most complex intelligent driving demonstration area with the most complicated scenes and the most advanced vehicle-road cooperative infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi fleet's trial operation roads in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers, and plans to cover the currently open 135 kilometers of roads in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Women's volleyball team won Lang Ping still dissatisfied: it will be difficult to make so many mistakes in the strong team
On the afternoon of the 27th, Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth game of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the powerful Dutch women's volleyball team. Finally, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3-1 and ushered in the women's volleyball World Cup nine-game winning streak.
But after the game, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third game.
"In the third game, the opponent strengthened the offensiveness of serving. Some of us (one pass) failed to get the ball and couldn't get the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to make so many mistakes with the strong team."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the players to be focused, and the attack was not in place for the first pass. We have to adjust the attack well. In addition, we have to fight with the opponent to defend."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the offense and was more anxious. She wanted to kill the ball too much and her movements would be deformed.
I hope she will be patient, "We all protect her."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
(70 years of New China) White paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
The white paper pointed out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
The white paper says that with China's comprehensive national strength and international influence rapidly increasing, some people in the world are worried that China will follow the path of "national power must be hegemony", and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory."
This has both cognitive misunderstandings, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances caused by the growth and decline of power, and deliberate distortions to safeguard one's vested interests.
Achieving national prosperity, national revitalization, and people's happiness are both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge."
The white paper pointed out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's technological innovation injects new kinetic energy into world economic growth. The role of the Chinese economy as a stabilizer and power source will become more prominent in the future.
The current world economic growth momentum is insufficient, and a stable Chinese economy is increasingly important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New-type industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization are accelerating. In-depth adjustment of the economic structure, continuous upgrading of industrial optimization, and new economic growth points continue to emerge.
“The McKinsey Global Institute’s research report believes that by 2040, China and the rest of the world’s economies will integrate with each other to create an economic value of 22 trillion to 37 trillion US dollars, equivalent to 15%-26% of the total global economy. Strengthening cooperation between economies and China will create huge economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that the Chinese economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, which has a more stable economic operation, higher growth quality and promising growth prospects, is a long-term good for the development of the world economy.
Seeing China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge", trying to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain, and value chain, and "decoupling" China from the world economy is neither feasible nor harmful.
The white paper pointed out that opening up to the outside world in all directions creates more opportunities for countries to share the "China Dividend".
China is unswervingly pursuing a mutually beneficial and win-win opening strategy to achieve greater intensity and a higher level of opening up. China has the most potential consumer market in the world, and China is the most attractive investment destination on a larger scale." "Going out" benefits more countries.
"Opening should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
Mutual benefit and two-way can last long-term. "
The white paper says that China is committed to continuing to expand imports, relax market access, improve the business environment, and strengthen intellectual property protection. Other countries should also expand their opening up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties go together can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced, and win-win development environment, and jointly develop the development "cake" bigger and bigger to form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper pointed out that China provides more public products for the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the “Belt and Road”, building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community, and it has always forgotten to give back to the international family and provide more and better public products for the international community."
In a recent exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slipniov, General Manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation in the economic and trade field with China, further optimize the export structure, and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that in Russia’s exports to China, forestry, machinery manufacturing and the chemical industry account for a considerable proportion. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products. There are also cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia’s exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown good and stable development.
Speaking of Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Srepniov said that Russia has set a task to expand the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from countries and regions including China .
The Russian side will next improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Srepniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China, and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He emphasized that Russia's products in many fields are "advantageous in quality and competitive in price" compared to similar products in the West.
Speaking of the two countries' goal of achieving a bilateral trade volume of US$200 billion by 2024, Slipnioff said that agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deep-processed products.
He emphasized that Russia intends to promote its exporters to enter the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises, "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures and jointly develop exports to third countries."
Srepniov said that the Russian Export Center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote Russian goods to enter the Chinese market more conveniently, and develop new types of export products to China.
Financial institutions that use RMB to pay globally have grown significantly.
The latest "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released by the Global Banking Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) in London on the 26th shows that from July 2017 to July 2019, the global financial institutions that use RMB for payment have an increasing trend.
At the Global Banking Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) 2019 annual meeting in London, the institution issued a "Special Issue on RMB Tracking" called "Insight of the RMB from the London Perspective". From July 2017 to July 2019, the global use of RMB payment The number of financial institutions increased by 11.31%, and the number increased from 1989 to 2214.
Among them, Africa and the Middle East have the largest increase in the number of financial institutions using RMB to pay, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of up to 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the renminbi's share of global payment currencies was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
According to report data, in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London ranks first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the United States was 12.93%, and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan’s so-called “diplomatic breakthrough”: secretly defaces one’s personality
In response to Taiwanese personnel's recent entry into the UN headquarters to participate in meetings on religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small actions were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwan media reports, the staff of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in a meeting on religious issues held in the United States and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned is a side meeting held by the United States on the grounds of the United Nations. It is not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwanese personnel mixed into the United Nations in a sneaky way, degrading their personalities, and also said that this is a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". Such small actions are very disgraceful and ridiculous.
He pointed out that the United Nations has reiterated many times that it insists on handling the Taiwan issue in accordance with UNGA Resolution 2758, and the majority of UN Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerates the upgrading of dairy industry structure-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, September 27th (Reporter An Lumeng) The reporter learned from the Hohhot Municipal Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that Hohhot City has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, and Yili and Mengniu are among the top ten global dairy companies, accelerating the implementation of Yili Health Food Industrial Park, Mengniu's China Dairy Industry Park and other projects have made every effort to create an "upgraded version of China's milk industry".
Dairy industry is a traditional superior industry in Hohhot City. Relying on unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of dairy industry in Hohhot City has expanded rapidly and the rate of large-scale breeding has been continuously improved.
In 2018, the city's large-scale dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrialization chain, and the total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot City has issued "Several Opinions on Creating an "Upgraded Version of China's Milk Capital"" and "Three-year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020)", focusing on the first goal of achieving dairy manufacturing 4.0. Implemented the "Five Major Upgrades" plan for the construction of a high-quality milk source base, the connection of the interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-level leading enterprises, the cultivation of characteristic small and medium-sized enterprise clusters, and the international innovation of dairy industry.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will accelerate the implementation of the two major investment projects of Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects to continuously enhance the core competition of the national dairy industry. force.
The central parity of the Vietnamese Dong to the US dollar was raised by 5 Vietnamese Dong on September 27
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of +/- 3%, today the upper limit of the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the Vietnamese dong is 23,854 dong and the lower limit is 22,465 dong.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were VND 3211 and VND 3295, respectively, down 1 VND from the previous trading day.
Techcombank of Vietnam set the bid price and selling price of the U.S. dollar to VND 23131 and VND 23271, respectively, down by VND 2 from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were VND 3193 and VND 3326 respectively, down by VND 1 and VND 2 respectively from the previous trading day.
"China Good Stories" database is online to show the real three-dimensional and comprehensive China to the world
The innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the purpose of "telling China's stories well and spreading China's voice" - the "China Good Stories" database is officially launched today to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and undertaken by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene of the "Beauty and Beauty-"China Good Story" Database Launch Conference" filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the purpose of "telling a good Chinese story and spreading a good Chinese voice" - the "China Good Story" database was officially launched to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Opening the database of "China's Good Stories", a distant picture of ink painting fish swimming slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure trove of timeless and time-honored Chinese stories for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of "reliance and loyalty to the country" and "Yugong Yishan" to the new era stories of "I will be without me" and "not forgetting the original intention". Thousands of Chinese good stories have become "shows" The vivid carrier of "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese power".
The story library brings together "1+4" five major theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is "the first interpreter of Chinese stories". The "Learning" section takes Xi Jinping's stories, stories told by Xi Jinping, stories about Xi Jinping's allusions, and stories of characters that Xi Jinping likes as his main line. The principles behind governing the country and governing the arts and realizing stories provide a rich and convenient network platform; four categories of stories including “ruling the country and governing”, “fighting and realizing dreams”, “Chinese culture” and “cooperation and win-win”, closely surrounding the CPC’s governing the country The story of politics, the story of the Chinese people’s struggle and dreams, the story of the broad and profound Chinese culture, and the story of China’s adherence to peaceful development and cooperation and win-win development are fascinating, thought-provoking, and show the charm of the times of the Chinese story in all directions.
The reporter learned from the "Beauty and Beauty-"China Good Story" Database Launch Conference" held in Beijing today that the "China Good Story" database has opened Chinese and English websites and mobile clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, stylish in design, and full media shows wonderful stories.
The mobile client highlights the artificial intelligence voice function, adapts to the mobile communication trend, and provides users with a "China Good Story" player that they carry with them.
In order to facilitate the use of the query, the database makes full use of the advantages of China Search’s intelligent search technology, providing rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search, and tag search. It is convenient, fast, easy to check and easy to use.
The "China Good Story" database has also specifically built a content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for the first batch of more than ten resident units including the SASAC.
Demonstration drove the president to step down, Egypt was about to rain, the authorities showed strong suppression
Twitter hashtags and social media are vigorously advocating that the Egyptian people took to the streets today and appealed to President Sisi to step down peacefully.
But the authorities have indicated that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since the then military chief Sisi launched a military coup in 2013 to seize power, such objections have almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be even more dangerous.
The British “Guardian” reported that Cairo’s non-governmental organization, the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since the protests that demanded Sisi’s resignation broke out last weekend.
Corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family squandering public money in pursuit of vanity have caused thousands of people to take to the streets to demonstrate on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior stated firmly yesterday that it will decisively confront any attempt to undermine national stability and will not be soft-hearted.
The Cairo city center is already heavily guarded. In 2011, the streets surrounding Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the Egyptian revolution, saw riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained several important scholars and social virtues on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "Continuing to let Sisi's absolute rule will cause disaster, I have no doubt about this."
"It's in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Before Nafa was arrested, Hosni, who was a spokesman for the former Egyptian chief of staff An Nan, was detained.
An Nan was arrested after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency last year.
Constitution Party Chairman Davud was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at the moment when the economic difficulties of the poor and the middle class are worsening, the dissidents’ approach reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Ayman Nour, the leader of the opposition and once contested for the presidency, said: "The catching action highlights the regime's indifference to the Egyptian people and how fearful it is."
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political oppression, Sisi tried to send a clear message to the important generals and politicians who might replace him."
Noel pointed out that under the premise that the social and economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-pressure approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the barrier of fear has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor who is currently in exile in Spain, was an Egyptian military construction contractor. He began uploading a series of videos at the beginning of the month. He self-proclaimed to benefit from government corruption and detonated a small-scale demonstration in different cities last weekend.
Ali said that his company’s general contracting for Amrak did not have to go through the statutory bidding process to obtain a lucrative contract, emphasizing the military and the relatives of Sisi, including the first lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi Corruption prevails.
He deeply regretted that he had participated in it.
Ali claimed that the grand palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sicily were in stark contrast to the current poor lives of the Egyptians, and that the other party had not paid.
On Twitter, the hashtags such as "Come forward and you are not alone", "Sisi you are done", "Sisi get off", "Next Friday" and other topics have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets , The content calls on the people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner and asks Sisi to step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amarwick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is destined to be finished...he is done, and those who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
Hong Kong government launches free special training program to help employees affected by the economy
The Hong Kong SAR Government announced on the 27th that it has launched a free special training program for employees who have recently been affected by economic conditions. Eligible students will receive a monthly training allowance of up to HK$4,000 after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City have very few customers.
Affected by the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has fallen sharply. In addition to the tourism industry, hotels, restaurants, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the Hong Kong SAR Government, Luo Zhiguang, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Qiu Tenghua, met with the media on the commission of the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programs and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang described that the challenges facing the Hong Kong economy are imminent, and should not wait until the situation is calm before starting work.
Therefore, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government launched this free training program called "Special? Love Value Added".
According to reports, people who are unemployed or requested by their employers to take unpaid leave from June 1 as long as they meet the relevant requirements, have the opportunity to participate in the plan.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that the relevant courses are very wide. The most important part is the training of "vocational skills", covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses, as well as The industry's "universal skills" course.
Employee Retraining Board Chairman Yu Pengchun stated that all courses are free of charge, and the project is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants who participate in the program can receive a special allowance as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and the attendance rate reaches 80%. The maximum monthly allowance for each student is HK$4,000.
According to reports, the training courses last for 2 to 3 months and are provided by about 50 training institutions. The public can enroll from October 3 to March 31 next year, and each person can register up to 4 courses.
In addition, the Hong Kong SAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the funding for the Tourism Council, subsidizing 6,000 tour guides to renew enrollment courses, and exempting travel agents from annual fees.
Exercise is tiring and brain exhausting?
According to the Russian Satellite Network, a study of athletes showed that after high-intensity exercise, the brain will also show signs of fatigue.
The study led by Matthias Persiglion, an expert at the French Petit-Salpetril Hospital, shows that there is an insignificant link between mental and physical work: both need to recognize activities Know control.
Persigrion explained: "You need to control an autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when muscles and joints are in pain."
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, which means that after high-load exercise, there is an uncontrollable sense of fatigue, the body cannot recover, and the performance declines.
INSEP asks a question: Will part of the cause of this illness be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive brain work?
The research report was published in the journal Contemporary Biology.
A few days ago, the exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horses", Qi Baishi's "The Ten Thousand Years of Peace", Li Keran's "The Ten Thousand Years of Red Forests", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Zhongli's "Father", Liu Wenxi's "Four Grandsons and Grandchildren" more than 480 This masterpiece is a collection of classic collections from more than 20 major museums in China, and includes almost all classic works since the founding of New China.
The "Great Course Magnificent Picture Scroll-An Exhibition of Fine Arts Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" richly and multi-dimensionally shows the magnificent great course and glorious achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, and shows the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a prologue and four chapters.
The exhibition is huge in scale, with a collection of masterpieces and masterpieces. There are more than 480 works in the exhibition, including Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor gouaches, new year paintings, posters, and other art types. To collect classic collections from more than 20 important academic institutions and fine art museums in China.
In addition, for the first time, more than 130 new works with realistic themes in the "National Thematic Art Creation" organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism were also displayed for the first time.
In order to present this exhibition, the National Art Museum of China used all the exhibition spaces of the whole museum for the first time. In addition to the three-story exhibition halls in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and the internal and external echoes were formed through the exhibition design. Exhibition pattern.
It is reported that this exhibition will be on display until November 2nd.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing Municipality's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the National Art Museum of China will be temporarily closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27th is "World Tourism Day", this year's theme is (translation) "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All", the Tourism Bureau arranges a series of activities, including the reception of lucky passengers and traditional tray competitions, with residents Celebrate with travelers.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was also held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. Tan Junrong, Director of the Department of Social Culture and other participants attended the event to jointly participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of Tourism Bureau Wen Qihua and Deputy Director Xu Yaoming and other leaders and related supervisors arrived at the Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers of the "World Tourism Day".
Mr. Wipoosiri, a traveler from Thailand, has become a lucky traveler this year. He said that he comes to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a suitable tourist destination for families to enjoy Macau’s food and visit Macau’s urban areas on weekends.
The Macao tourist mascot "Mai Mai" robot was also present to welcome visitors, and the tourist information counter under the Tourism Bureau also arranged souvenirs to be given to tourists throughout the day.
The traditional pallet competition was held in the afternoon on the same day. There were nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau, which coincided with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. A group photo of the number "20" adds joy to the event.
Participants also put on distinctive costumes that match the return theme.
Each participant held a tray carrying a bottle of "Macao Beer" across the streets of the "Macao Historic City", and delivered the beer safely to the front of the terminal kiosk at the fastest speed. The process was tense and stimulating, attracting a large number of passengers to stop and take pictures along the way. Cheer up and show Macau's tourist charm.
The men’s category champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada in Sands Cotai Central, Macau; the women’s category champion was Jiajing Group’s Ye Xiaojing; the most special clothing award winners were Jiajing Group’s Ou Huanming and Golden Dragon Hotel’s Cui Zhihong.
On the evening of the same day, the Tourism Bureau invited hundreds of guests including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media representatives to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
Tan Junrong said at the dinner that Macao’s tourism industry has been developing rapidly since its return to the past 20 years. However, in the face of continuous changes in external environmental factors, the industry is encouraged to innovate thinking, build on the success it has achieved, move forward, adjust strategies and conceive new tourism products And promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the promotion of the vigorous and sustainable development of Macau’s tourism industry.
At the same time, the dinner was organized under the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region". Macao singers sang the local original congratulatory song "Liancheng Family", and six large-scale tourism companies presented a number of performances that fit the theme of return to Macau. Diversified tourism and leisure elements and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 each year as "World Tourism Day". The purpose is to promote the international community to recognize the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27th (Reporters Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation through interest rate tendering on the 27th.
The reverse repurchase operation of the People's Bank of China achieved a net return of 10 billion yuan due to the expiration of 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase.
The central bank issued an announcement saying that the 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation was carried out on that day, with a period of 14 days and a winning bid rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day of the central bank to carry out a 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; 14 The daily interest rate is 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; the one-year interest rate is 3.048%, which is the same as the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" more at ease-Interview with the Director General of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Cui Aimin
No matter where you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first consular protection video of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was launched. The sentence at the end of the video resonated with the majority of netizens.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, Cui Aimin, director of the consular department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said the short film aims to further make the people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and let Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats They will lend a helping hand to them, giving help, strength and hope.
There is no trivial matter overseas, and the leaves and leaves are always in love.
Cui Aimin said that in the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million a year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million person-times per year. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens traveling abroad is more guaranteed The target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to various groups such as overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, and migrant workers.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and implemented more than 10 major actions to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accepted and coordinated the handling of about 500,000 cases of various types of assistance, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
At a dangerous moment, the motherland can take you home; wanting to take a "travel as you go" is now no longer a dream.
According to Cui Aimin, as of the end of August this year, China has concluded mutual visa exemption agreements covering ordinary passports with 14 countries.
In addition, more and more countries unilaterally grant Chinese citizens visa-free or entry visas and other entry facilities.
42 countries and regions such as Thailand and Egypt unilaterally grant Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports an entry visa, while 15 countries and regions such as Indonesia unilaterally allow Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports to enter the country without visa.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, Chinese citizens have become more and more convenient to apply for visas, and their procedures have become increasingly simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the establishment of mutual visas for tourism and business personnel with the United States, Canada, Israel, and Argentina for 10 years, and the establishment of multiple visas for the tourism, business, and family members with the United Kingdom for two years.
The United Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched the "Visa One Stop" service, and France, Italy and Singapore shortened the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card for multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining five years of multiple visas for 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance for business personnel, especially private enterprise personnel, to "go out".
At present, China's effective card holdings rank first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively discuss bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, and promote more countries to take visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, so that the results of diplomatic work will be more transformed into measures that benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously increase the'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee Cai Qi led a team to inspect the safety production and festival market supply during the National Day.
He emphasized that it is necessary to improve the political position, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do all the work well and meticulously, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens live a happy and peaceful holiday.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and mayor, inspected together.
The power supply area of ​​the power supply service center in Tiananmen area is nearly 7 square kilometers, and an intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time to realize intelligent operation, maintenance, evaluation and security of equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and safe production, asked for important details of power supply guarantee work, and walked into the dispatching and command hall to listen to the report on the work of safe power supply and gas supply during the festival in conjunction with the large screen.
Cai Qi expressed condolences to the front-line staff and emphasized that it is necessary to establish a bottom line thinking, do a good job in fire protection and other tasks, go to the site and pay attention to the end, strengthen the inspection of hidden dangers and equipment operation monitoring for each point to ensure the absolute power and gas supply Safety.
In Wangfujing Department Store, all kinds of commodities are dazzling and filled with festive atmosphere.
The peaceful fruit bureau on the second basement, the wall made of blue tiles and stone bricks, and the old shops such as photo studios, theaters, food stores, and old bookstores are full of Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining watched while walking, listening to Wangfujing Department Store cooperating with the renovation and upgrading of the pedestrian street to upgrade commercial operations and market supply reports, and learn more about the security of the festival.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" and "Dabei Photo Gallery" to learn about the sales of Beijing's specialty products, and ask tourists about the experience of the tour along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a Beijing labor model and Zhang Binggui's son, inherited the unique skills of "one catch" and "one mouthful". Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously promote the spirit of model workers.
Cai Qi urged to strengthen market monitoring to ensure that the festival supply is sufficient and stable, and strictly control food safety; shopping malls and other personnel-intensive places should do a good job of fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line length" guards the safety of passenger lines.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration that as of now, 1334 passenger lines in 11 districts, cities and 6 counties directly under the jurisdiction of Jiangxi have "line lengths."
The person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration introduced that due to the safety management of some passenger transportation companies, the responsibility of the main body of corporate safety was not implemented, and illegal behaviors such as passenger vehicle overspeed and driver fatigue driving occurred frequently. The safety situation of road passenger transportation It's grim.
In order to further consolidate the responsibility of the main production safety of road passenger transportation enterprises and ensure the safety of passengers traveling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line-length system" in 2017, and began to gradually promote it in the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system" and selected 1,334 "line length" management lines, covering 4,824 passenger buses.
According to reports, the "line leader" is generally appointed by road transportation passenger transport companies to appoint special personnel, specifically responsible for the management of people, vehicles, lines and other related line work, to ensure that the line person in charge of the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment, etc. Comprehensive control to ensure the safety of the line operation.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Urban Services Department will set up a special food safety public guided tour from October to December "Twenty Years of Agricultural Products for Macao Photo Exhibition" and "Food Information Station", to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food for Macao in the Mainland, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macao, members of the public are welcome to participate actively.
Co-sponsored by the General Administration of Customs and the Macao Special Administrative Region’s Municipal Administration, the “Watching for Help ‧ Joining Hands-Documentary Photo Exhibition for 20 Years of Work to Guarantee the Safety of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao” is now being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building , Attracting many local Macao citizens to visit.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Urban Services Department will be held from October to December at 3:30 pm on Wednesdays (except public holidays) at the Yuhan Hawker Building 1 The Food Information Station of the building has a special food safety public guided tour, led by food safety education personnel to visit the photo exhibition and food information station. Through the on-site graphics, videos, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, the food safety personnel are equipped with A guided tour to give participants an in-depth understanding of the work on food safety supervision and stable supply in Mainland China, as well as the food safety work of Macao’s food from import to market monitoring, and learn food safety knowledge in daily life In order to further pay attention to food safety and give play to the spirit of "the food, food safety and security of the government, the industry, and the citizens do their best" to jointly maintain food safety in Macao.
Each food safety guided tour takes about 30 minutes. Interested citizens can register at the Food Information Station of the Urban Services Department on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the event. The fee is free and the quota is limited. First served.
If you have any questions, please call the Food Safety Hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Comprehensive Office Tax Payment Platform Officially Launched-中新网
The tax payment platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Office was officially launched.
China News Service, Fuzhou, September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) The tax payment platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Office is officially launched on September 27 in Fuzhou, Fujian Province.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the People's Bank of China Fuzhou Center Sub-branch, the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau, and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a three-party cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax-saving bank in Fujian Province Payment platform.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the People’s Bank of China Fuzhou Center Sub-branch, said that the platform adheres to the construction concepts of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership, and the front end is connected to taxation, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and society. The service provider provides a variety of online and offline tax payment channels such as mobile apps, WeChat public accounts, tax halls, bank outlets, and inclusive financial service points, as well as back-end connectivity to the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of Huimin convenience projects, among which, the urban and rural residents medical insurance premium payment project has been officially launched.
The project has opened 14 online and offline channels and can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the permanent population of Fujian Province.
Medical insurance premiums can be paid online through “Min Tax Link” and “Cloud Flash Payment”, as well as APPs of various banks and WeChat public accounts; offline can be used to scan codes at tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province , Swipe cards, swipe cards and other methods to pay medical insurance premiums.
Shi Dong, deputy governor of the People’s Bank of China Fuzhou Center Sub-branch, said that the successful launch of the platform will provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient payment while ensuring the direct receipt of government revenue and real-time interaction of data and information Tax service.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province have already opened more than 9,000 medical insurance premium payment functions, enabling rural residents to securely pay medical insurance premiums without leaving the village, allowing the public to have more and more The stronger the "sense of gain" and "happiness".
According to statistics, since the initial trial operation of the platform's urban and rural residents' medical insurance premium payment project for 20 days, service users have reached 840,000, of which, online payment users reached 750,000, and inclusive financial service point payment users nearly 20,000.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first in the country to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also directly download the stamped electronic payment voucher through the mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the “highway” to facilitate private tax payment will be further expanded.
The United States will increase deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The U.S. Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attacks on Saudi oil facilities, the United States will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement that day, the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Secretary of Defense Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "Sad" anti-missile system in the sequence of preparation for deployment.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of this deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "Sade" systems were not the low-altitude targets claimed by the United States to attack Saudi drones and cruise missiles.
Iranian President Rouhani said in the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th that Iran can help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure that oil transportation vessels pass through Hormuz smoothly and safely, with all countries enjoying fair rights. Strait.
He also emphasized that regional security can only be achieved if the US forces withdraw from the area.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of the Saudi National Petroleum Corporation and caused a fire.
The US accused Iran of causing the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Celis Chairman's plan to increase shareholdings was completed Last year, employees were called on to increase their shareholdings by 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Celis (603716.SH) announced that the company’s actual controller and chairman Wen Wei had increased their holdings of the company’s shares by a total of 1.0542 million shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which accounted for the company’s total share capital. 0.5139%, the total amount of the increase in shareholding amounted to RMB 2009.26 million (including stamp tax, commission, interest and other transaction costs), and the share increase plan was completed.
It is reported that before the implementation of this shareholding increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Celis, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instrument Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") He holds 82.183 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital. Wen Wei holds 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei's shares and is the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time Celius has made a positive move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Celis has successively launched measures such as executive shareholding increase, chairman’s pocket-type shareholding increase initiative, share buybacks, and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Celis announced that seven senior executives, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had accumulatively increased their holdings of the company’s shares by 394,300 shares (accounting for 0.1922% of the company’s total share capital), with a total increase of 7.0229 million Yuan, the plan to increase the shareholding has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, the chairman and actual controller of Celis, proposed a plan for employees to increase their shareholding in the company and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The period of increase of holdings is from October 19 to October 31, 2018, and the upper limit of the total shareholding of the company's stocks does not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase, the company's stocks must be held continuously for more than 12 months. The employee was on duty.
The reporter sorted out and found that during the time period of the employee's shareholding increase mentioned above, the stock price of Celis was the lowest at 14.02 yuan and the highest was 16.44 yuan. Based on the closing price of Serise on September 25 at 20.02 yuan, the highest floating profit of the employee's increase in holdings can be It reached 42.80%, the lowest was 21.78%.
On January 21 of this year, Celis once again passed the share repurchase plan of the company. The announcement stated that the total amount of funds planned to be used to repurchase shares was not less than RMB 160 million and not more than RMB 280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company released the announcement of "Celius' 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that equity incentives are based on 2018 operating income, and the growth rates for the four fiscal years of 2019-2022 are not less than 30%, 70%, 120%, and 185%.
From the performance of Celis in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the 30% performance growth this year to unlock the conditions.
In the first half of the year, the operating income was 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50% year-on-year; the net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.223 million yuan, an increase of 16.46% year-on-year.
Since the 2018 Interim Report, Celis has reported revenue growth of more than 38% year-on-year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers, and consolidated the original IVD business. Iteratively upgrade on the basis of advantages to promote SPD business.
Relevant sources of Celis told reporters that in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Celis's three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the SPD business area, in January of this year, Celis announced the signing of a "Contract for the Construction of Intensive Operation Platforms for Medical Consumables and Daily Operation Management Services" with Lingwu People's Hospital and Lingwu City Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, with a contract period of three years.
"In fact, Celis is vigorously expanding its SPD business to provide medical institutions with refined operational services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution, and settlement of medical consumables in hospitals to obtain long-term income."
The above said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Celis won the bid for an "in-hospital logistics extension service project for medical consumables (including reagents)" at Shaw Run Hospital affiliated to Zhejiang University School of Medicine.
Analysts in the pharmaceutical industry pointed out that this winning bid is very gold-containing. Shaw Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The smooth implementation of this project in the future will also be an important development for the hospital. opportunity.
According to its analysis, through the regional expansion, nationwide strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, Celis has basically completed the business coverage of the provinces across the country.
Now that Shaw Shaw Hospital is the next city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year, Cyrus is also deploying in emerging areas such as industrial cannabis and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers serve the National Day transportation trip.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will formally start their work on the 28th and provide volunteer services at various locations in Beijing. The service period will continue until October 8. day.
Prior to this, the Beijing Municipal Leadership Group celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China set up a volunteer headquarters, and in the early stage, recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for colleges, communities, enterprises, and all walks of life. The field of volunteer services involves celebrations, party activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day amusement parks, and city operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 volunteers in traffic civilization.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Headquarters: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Civilization Volunteers volunteered at 1,700 traffic intersections and 308 subway platforms in Beijing, including more than 300 major traffic Hub to conduct traffic guidance and traffic guidance.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British "Stanner Empire" tanker was finally released and departed from the Abbas port of Iran on the morning of the 27th to international waters.
And just in the middle of last month, the British authorities in the overseas territories of Gibraltar had just released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British "Stanner Empire" tanker departed from the port of Abbas to the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The port and shipping organization of Hormuzgan Province, Iran confirmed that the ship’s commander and crew had made a formal and written commitment to the ship, and despite the ship’s seizure, they did not have any claims.
The Swedish shipowner Stena Bulk of the "Stanner Empire" tanker also said that the ship was sailing from the port of Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left Abbas Port.
The Stena Impero tanker flying the British flag was detained by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave Abbas Port.
Two weeks after the British detained an Iranian tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the tanker called Stena Impero in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required to release the "Stanner Empire" had been completed.
But the Iranian side said the investigation is still ongoing.
Many Iranian media have also released videos of the tanker's voyage.
On July 19, the Navy of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards of Iran detained a British tanker "Stanner Empire" in the Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz, and then escorted it to the port of Abbas.
Iran was detained from the waters of Gibraltar by the oil tanker "Grace One".
In addition, on July 4, the British authorities in the Overseas Territories of Gibraltar seized the "Grace 1" tanker loaded with Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on the grounds of alleged violation of EU sanctions to deliver oil to Syria.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of "Grace One."
This afternoon, a special meeting on the subject review and rectification of undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, emphasized the need to improve the political position, strengthen political responsibility, strictly examine and rectify issues, and promote the high-quality development of party building, ideological and political reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by the undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of subject education.
She pointed out that carrying out the theme education of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission" is a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping on carrying out the education of the theme of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission".
From the political height of enhancing the "four consciousnesses", achieving "two maintenances", and fulfilling the original mission, conscientiously complete the prescribed actions of the theme education, especially the series of problems reviewed by the rectification and reform, and coordinate the school reform and development. In this work, we must achieve "two mistakes and two promotion".
Wulan emphasized that we must adhere to the blade inward, grasp the problem inspection, and follow the requirements of "Four Comparisons" and "Four Finding One Finding" to find out the correct problem of the alignment table, and open up the way to solicit teachers and students, parents, and all walks of life. Opinions and suggestions, ideologically and earnestly and deeply analyze the root causes, and then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical ways to solve difficult problems.
It is necessary to insist on precise efforts, strengthen real reforms, and implement the word "reform" throughout.
We should do a good job of combining thematic education with the work of "building a virtuous person" and other tasks, compacting the rectification responsibilities, ensuring that the problems remain unresolved and the bottom line is cleared, so as to make the rectification effective.
We must adhere to both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the system cage tightly, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work has rules and regulations, and truly use the system to manage people and affairs.
To maintain the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical arming, take the lead in carefully reviewing rectification, take the lead in strict self-discipline, play a demonstrative role as a "key minority", and strive to complete various tasks of subject education review rectification.
Comrades from the party committees of 5 universities including Hunan University, and comrades from relevant units directly under the provincial government delivered speeches.
Two major UHV projects have been put into operation
On the 26th, the ±1100 kV UHV DC transmission project from Zhundong to southern Anhui and the Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline corridor project were put into operation.
These two projects occupy the commanding heights of the current world transmission technology in their respective fields, and will bring a large-scale optimization of my country's energy allocation after the commissioning.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the Zhundong-Southern Anhui project is the world’s largest transmission project with the longest transmission distance.
Its operation is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL, that is, gas insulated metal closed transmission line.
The Sutong Pipe Corridor Project has set the record of the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and realized the "AC double-loop network" combined operation of the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power grid.
According to the State Grid Corporation of China, the transmission distance from Zhundong to South Anhui is up to 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been researched and developed, which has greatly increased the economic transmission distance to more than 3000 kilometers.
After the project from Zhundong to South Anhui is put into operation, it can deliver 100 million kWh of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of the consumption of existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, the annual transmission of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kWh, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's electricity consumption throughout the year.
The Sutong GIL integrated pipeline corridor project is a control project of the UHV AC ring network crossing the Yangtze River.
If you use conventional overhead lines to cross the river, you need to build two giant iron towers over 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and build an artificial island with a size of more than four football fields for each tower.
In response to this, State Grid boldly innovated and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through the tunnel, avoiding the impact on the golden waterway.
The two projects promoted a new leap in my country's electrical equipment manufacturing capabilities.
At present, the State Grid has completed the "10 AC 11 straight" UHV project, and "4 AC 3 straight" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: my country's foreign debt structure continues to be optimized
"Overall, my country's foreign debt structure continues to be optimized, and the stability of foreign debt is enhanced."
Wang Chunying, spokesperson and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of my country's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the overall risk of foreign debt is controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above remarks when he announced the external debt data at the end of June 2019 on the day of the foreign exchange bureau and answered questions from reporters.
Data show that as of the end of June 2019, my country's full-caliber (including local and foreign currency) foreign debt balance was US$198.0 billion, an increase of US$26.3 billion or 1.3% from the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in my country’s full-caliber external debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and non-residents were mainly dominated by medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term external debt rose by 3 percentage points from the end of March 2019, and the share of local currency external debt rose by 1 percentage point from the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that as my country's domestic RMB bonds were included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market has further increased and they have continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"my country's balance of payments maintains an overall balance, and the risk of external debt is manageable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that at present, the Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan has been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters, and the prevention and control work has achieved periodic results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, first discovered Spodoptera frugiperda that migrated from abroad, and subsequently confirmed the occurrence in 129 counties in Yunnan. The Spodoptera frugiperda also gradually spread from Yunnan to the interior of China, which directly affected China's grain production. Threat.
Spodoptera frugiperda is an important edible long-range migratory agricultural pest native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization's global early warning. It has an "international, migratory, outbreak" Sex, devastating".
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane, sorghum, etc., and it consumes a large amount of food, which can cause up to 70% of production loss.
It is difficult to prevent and control, and there are no registered pesticides to control the pest in China.
Since the Spodoptera frugiperda migrated and invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences selected Chen Aidong researcher to lead the provincial innovation team of the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences to cooperate with the green prevention and control of agricultural cross-border pests. They went to the front line to conduct field investigations, collect samples and carry out Technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
The Chen Aidong team has initially grasped the population characteristics of Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan, natural enemy insect resources, characteristics of foreign insect sources, population migration trajectories, pesticide virulence and field control effects.
They actively carried out the research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific medicine and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%, while reducing the chemical The use of pesticides protects the natural enemies' resources and the ecological environment, and provides technical guarantee for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak of Spodoptera frugiperda and sustainable management.
At present, Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan has been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters. The prevention and control work has achieved periodic results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreaks, and break through the construction of biological prevention and green prevention and control technology systems.
At the same time, actively promote cross-border international cooperation, and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring sites and demonstration areas overseas to enhance the comprehensive monitoring and early warning capabilities of Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of commemorative coins for pandas plus gold and silver at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
There are 2 sets of gold and silver commemorative coins, including 1 gold commemorative coin and 1 silver commemorative coin, both of which are the legal currencies of the People's Republic of China.
According to reports, the set of gold and silver commemorative coins on the front are all the Temple of Heaven in Beijing, and the country name, year number and Chinese characters of "China International Import Expo" are published.
The back pattern of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of a mother and child panda, with the words "8g Au.999" and the English words and denomination of "China International Import Expo".
The pattern on the back of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of a mother and child panda, with the words "30g Ag.999" and the English words and denomination of "China International Import Expo".
According to reports, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a common currency, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 mm in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, and a maximum circulation of 10,000.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a common currency, containing 30 grams of sterling silver, a diameter of 40 millimeters, a denomination of 10 yuan, a color of 99.9%, and a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. and distributed by China National Gold Coin Corporation.
White paper: China has embarked on a development path that fits its national conditions
China News Agency, Beijing, September 27th. The State Council Information Office of the People's Republic of China released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
The white paper points out that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard and forged ahead, successfully opened the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development relies on the hard work spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing", and generations of people endlessly struggle, continue to struggle, and pay hard work and sweat that others can't imagine; rely on "own burden The spirit of "regardless of prosperity or adversity", does not output problems, does not pass on contradictions, does not develop itself by forcibly buying and selling, and plundering other countries; it relies on the spirit of exploration of "crossing the river by feeling the stones", not imperialism, The old path of colonialism does not copy the development model of Western countries, but combines China's reality, sums up experiences and lessons, draws on human civilization, dares to dare to dare to try, and embarks on a path of its own.
The white paper states that China has developed through its interaction with the world. China’s development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China’s roads conform to China’s national conditions and adapt to the requirements of the times.
China takes practical actions to maintain world peace.
Over the past 70 years, China has not provoked any wars or conflicts, nor has it occupied an inch of land in other countries.
The white paper pointed out that China’s development has achieved great success in the past 70 years. The fundamental reason is that it has found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and has continued unswervingly along this path.
This is a way of establishing from the national conditions of the country, putting the people's interests first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in the process of opening up, and comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China has a huge body, complicated national conditions, and governance difficulties are rare in the world. Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper says that in the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another.
Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has made historical achievements and made historic changes. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up, getting rich, and becoming stronger, which is closer to the great national revival than at any time in history. aims.
China's development path will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchant Declaration".
On the 27th at the 2nd World Fabric Business Conference 2019 held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives from the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Fabric Business Manifesto".
The declaration pointed out that facing the future, relevant countries adhere to open coordination, technology-driven, and fashion changes, and will jointly promote the high-quality development of the world's textile industry.
This year's World Cloth Merchants Conference gathered about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry in 45 countries and regions. Based on the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern, we explored the sustainable development of the global textile industry and the road to win-win cooperation.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China National Textile and Apparel Council, said that the current global industrial division pattern, trade pattern, and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation, and responsible development. "Technology, Fashion "Green" development concept is deepening.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe talked about, "To achieve sustainable development and common prosperity in the industry, we need the active participation of the global textile people, the respective directors and the sharing of benefits."
At the meeting, representatives from the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Business Manifesto", which jointly elaborated the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
"World Business Declaration" pointed out that facing the future, the relevant countries will adhere to open coordination, continue to promote industry and market interconnection, and jointly improve the development level of the industrial chain; will adhere to the science and technology drive, continue to strengthen basic research, applied research and technology transformation, and jointly Improve the basic capabilities of the industry; take cohesive fashion changes, give full play to the role of textile and clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance the industrial cultural value.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the "World Cloth Manifesto" will help all countries jointly improve the development level of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei mentioned for example that there are more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands in the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end ready-to-wear products, and Keqiao has a variety of high-quality fabrics. We also look forward to establishing contact with Keqiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more opportunities for cooperation."
As the venue of the World Cloth Merchants Conference, Keqiao has the world's largest textile market. Currently, with its unique textile industry chain, Keqiao is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading internally and opening up to the outside world, which represents China's textile image. At the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Keqiao District Committee, said that Keqiao will use the cloth business meeting as an opportunity to advance the textile industry in the direction of a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win situation.
Reuters estimates that the central parity of the RMB is expected to be around 7.0883 yuan. The reverse cycle affects 460 points.
According to the calculation of the renminbi exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the central parity of the renminbi against the US dollar is expected to open around 7.0883 yuan on Friday, which is about 154 points lower than the previous day.
Last day, the RMB closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, among today’s changes in the median price, 586 points of decline reflected the impact of market supply and demand, and another 27 points of decline reflected the number of points required for a basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight; another 460 points of rise reflected the “inverse Period factor".
The median price of RMB against the US dollar measured by Reuters on the previous day was 7.0947 yuan, which deviated from the actual value announced by the foreign exchange trading center by 218 points.
According to the calculation of the middle price announced by CFETS, Reuters reported that the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, reference SDR (special drawing rights) basket index and reference BIS (BIS) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the tallest building in northern China completed, creating more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of Tianjin CTF Finance Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held on the afternoon of 26th in Tianjin Binhai New Area, marking the construction information model independently awarded by the China Construction Eighth Bureau Tianjin CTF Finance Center Project Project, which won the Global Excellence Award in the global engineering construction industry. The collaborative management platform of precision BIM model has been successful in the field of skyscraper construction.
Tianjin CTF Finance Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone, with a total construction area of ​​390,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above ground, and a building height of 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments, super five-star hotels, etc. After completion, it will become an important part of Tianjin’s international landmark complex.
The relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of China Construction Eighth Bureau introduced that the entire project used more than 70,000 tons of steel, and the high-altitude group's butt welds were about 376,000 meters, which is equivalent to 42.5 Mount Everest heights. 40 circles, the number of steel components reaches 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components, including the double-tube elliptical cross-section steel tube column, which is the world's most single-layer twisted angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin CTF project is unprecedented.
According to industry insiders, Tianjin CTF Finance Center is the first to implement building information model (BIM) management in the skyscraper project that has been built or under construction in the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three full BIM application" model of full participation, full professional application, and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on a high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department will first build the BIM in the virtual world, and then carry out the physical and physical construction after scientific and error-free verification, which will cause the problems of disassembly, rework and rework in the construction of the previous construction projects. Destroyed in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovations of the Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project won the first prize in the global engineering construction industry Global Excellence Awards construction group at the Global AU Masters Meeting and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Awards Presentation Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project’s BIM innovation achievements and technological innovation promotion not only achieved a complex and numerous construction links all at once, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects. .
Not long ago, the Tianjin CTF Finance Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the Information Office of the Public Security Department of Yunnan Province on the 27th that at 15:30 that day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement successfully docked at China’s Guanle Port, This marks the successful conclusion of the joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanli Port on the 24th. It lasted 4 days and 3 nights. The four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand dispatched 136 law enforcement officers and 6 law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation conducted joint patrols and anti-drug propaganda activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Laos Ban Sanguo, and Meng Mo.
In addition, the Chinese side also dispatched police practical combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border guard companies of the Lao People's Army to carry out police practical combat skills exchanges, effectively enhancing the emergency response capabilities of law enforcement members of both sides to jointly handle emergencies.
The four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held law enforcement cooperation and exchange meetings in Chiang Saen, Thailand. They informed each other of the recent border management, combating drug crime and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin, and reached consultations on strengthening information exchange, research and judgment, and law enforcement cooperation. Consensus; and organize cultural and sports exchange activities in the four countries, and carry out competition projects such as football, sepak takraw, iron ball and tug of war, which effectively enhance the mutual understanding between law enforcement players and the friendship of law enforcement cooperation between the four countries.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Corps of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department, after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint garrison and joint joint patrol mission to increase the visibility of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the Mekong River Basin. Security and stability.
The Thai commander said that since the start of the joint patrol law enforcement by the Mekong River, the four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have maintained close exchanges, deepened pragmatic cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in law enforcement, security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the Quartet’s law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, and strive to open up a new situation in law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining the safety and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition on the 25th and opposed any agreement with the West on the Iranian missile project.
The Islamic Republic of Iran news agency quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran’s “missile force” would damage Iran’s capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iran’s leaders all support improving missile programs.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement in May last year and restored and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear agreement to limit Iran’s weapons projects and Regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the UN General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the 23rd of the UN General Assembly.
The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after the meeting, urging Iran to participate in the dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iranian nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi serves as the jury leader
Chinese Herald: The film "Under the White Cloud" directed by Professor Wang Rui of Beijing Film Academy, as the only Chinese-language film, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. The shortlisted films compete for the highest award at the Tokyo International Film Festival — the Golden Unicorn Award.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Tao Li Man Tian Xia", which tells about an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple, a certain kind of life dilemma due to different life pursuits, by Mongolian actors Jiri Mutu and Tana starred.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two world premieres during the current film festival, the release date is October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28th to November 5th in Roppongi and Hibiya, Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26th, the film festival organizing committee held a press conference and officially announced the competition The list of films for the main competition units of the Golden Unicorn Awards, the "Asian Future" unit, "Special Hospitality Works", Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and many other projects.
The person in charge of the selection of the competition film introduced the Chinese competition film "Under the White Cloud".
Zhang Ziyi served as the chairman of the international jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
There are 3 Chinese films in the "Asian Future" unit
In a series of units at the Tokyo International Film Festival, its importance is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although there are only 8 finalists, there are 6 fewer than the main competition, but 3 of them are from mainland China. And Chinese films in Hong Kong were shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby's Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Walker" starred by film emperor Guo Fucheng and post-film Yang Qianhua directed by Huang Qingxun, and a mainland film is "Summer Knight" directed by Youxing.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Guangsi, Zhang Jingchu, and Lin Baihong, "Bingfeng Storm", as a "special hospitality work", will also be released at this film festival.
The festival spokesperson, "Goddess" Hirose Alice, was absent from the press conference for some reason and delivered a video testimonial.
Famous director Yoshitaka Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, who took office in August this year, Ando Yukang, the director of the film festival, Hisao Menglang, and the directors of the film selection of each unit, took the stage to give speeches and introduced the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest of the press conference, the opening film-"Injiro" series 50 works "Injiro's story: Welcome back" director Yamada Yoji, two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, Tezuka Shino ("Balopola 》 ), Adachi gentry (“Comedy and My Wife Story”), as well as the famous playwright and screenwriter Ichiki Nakajima, also appeared in this press conference to talk about their feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury lineup of the main competition unit is composed of 5 people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other 4 people are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaya, and Danish director Michael. Noel and Japanese director Takahiro Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Image Market), which is held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held at the Ikebukuro Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24. A record 401 groups will exhibit this year, especially from The number of exhibitors in China reached 90, a 6.4-fold increase compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "CHINA DAY", held several lectures and seminars, and invited Japanese director Yuki Ishii to participate in related activities. Co-hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Started
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27th (Reporter Li Qianwei) Enriched the panda cultural theme tourism route. The panda base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The "Panda Planet" and the expansion project of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned and built in Chengdu has officially started.
According to the plan, the "Panda City" created by Chengdu is composed of three areas of Beihu Area, Dujiangyan Area and Longquan Mountain Area, covering an area of ​​69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecological and cultural values ​​of giant pandas with the construction of a beautiful livable park city in Chengdu to create an ecological home for giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the Beihu area and covers an area of ​​35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a "1+N+X" regional spatial structure.
One core attraction is the reconstruction and expansion project of giant panda breeding research base; N cultural tourism consumption scenarios are created, namely panda town, Xiaoyao Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; X area basic supporting facilities.
After the reconstruction and expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base in Chengdu, the scale will reach 3,525 mu, which is generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site, a place where people and animals have a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their associated animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the "News and Newspaper Digest" of China Voice of China Central Television, several international dignitaries and envoys from various countries congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and highly appraised the development achievements of New China and its significance for global development. .
In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the Central Radio and Television Station, President Keita of Mali stated that he has visited China many times. China’s development achievements in the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and a sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened the door to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope all success in China, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and bless China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: I wish the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because this day is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25th), envoys from more than 130 countries in China and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great History and Brilliant Achievements-Large-scale Achievement Exhibition to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China".
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: Seeing the starting point of China's reform and opening policy personally, compared with today and more than 40 years ago, the progress has been too great.
The forum was hosted by Taipei Management Research Institute and co-organized by Qunyi Jinding Securities and the Association of Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities locally to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends have sent their sincere blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it will launch a pilot operation of an unmanned "Level 4" fully autonomous taxi fleet Robotaxi on a specific highway in Changsha City, Hunan Province.
Xiaoma Zhixing, a self-driving startup, also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded everywhere.
Starting from the 26th, Baidu used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha City can apply for the ride through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The roads offering trial operation are 50 kilometers by the end of 2019, and are planned to be extended to 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the “Hongqi EV”, a pure electric vehicle of China FAW Group, equipped with a system developed by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government’s “Apollo Project”.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu’s Apollo program includes more than 150 companies including Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford, Intel, Microsoft, and Nvidia.
Around China's self-driving taxis, Didi Chuxing, China's largest car-hailing service provider, announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services in the suburbs of Shanghai during the year.
China's autonomous driving development competition may become more intense.
Taiwan scholars suggest that Taiwanese businessmen in the "Uncertain Age" need to keep up with the development of mainstream industries in the mainland. The
"2019 Taiwanese Business Innovation Forum" will be held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
The event invited many Taiwan business representatives and scholars to share experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, said that Sino-US (mainland China) and US trade frictions continue, and Taiwanese businessmen face an "uncertain age."
The two-day meeting is divided into several seminars such as transformation and upgrading mode, business strategy, etc. More than 100 people attended the meeting.
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the mainland, paying particular attention to innovative products related to the fields of technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen valued quality, effectiveness, and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that Taiwanese businessmen are no longer sufficient for the above conditions.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and pay attention to extension services and life products services.
In addition, "service value-added" is also a new field that Taiwan businessmen can vigorously develop.
In the speech session of representatives of Taiwanese businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of the Taiwanese businessman Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd. from Guangdong, said that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to a sudden drop in orders. The Group started to improve its operating conditions from structural adjustment and asset activation.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue after taking away the traditional electrical appliances business, transforming automotive electronic equipment, and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Apollo (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd. proposed that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" service.
When customers change suppliers, there are only six factors including poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, low variety, and integrity issues. As long as these six points are resolved, combined with timely modification of production lines and expansion of product categories, companies will become Customer irreplaceable suppliers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen Awards" award ceremony also held in Taipei was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan’s “Economic Daily”, Lu Zhengzhang, the general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operation center is located in Shanghai, won the “Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen and Cross-Strait Contribution Award”
The new regulations solicit opinions: social capital needs to be qualified to
obtain rural land management rights. Social capital needs to be qualified to obtain rural land management rights.
"Measures for the Management of the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights" publicly seeks opinions. Supervision
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice for public consultation on the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights (Revised Draft Consultation Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft Opinion Draft"), which added to the acquisition of land for the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises Supervision of management rights and risk prevention.
The "Draft Opinion" will openly solicit opinions from the public.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs stated that in order to implement the newly revised Law on Rural Land Contracting, to further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the “three separate powers” ​​system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural The "Administrative Measures on Circulation of Management Rights" was revised to form the "Opinions".
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned that there were a number of important amendments to the first draft of the Opinions.
The newly revised Law on Rural Land Contracting clarifies the scope of land circulation, implements the concept of "three powers are separated", and sets up "land contracting management rights" and "land management rights" separately. A clear distinction is made between the exchange of land and the transfer of land management rights (leasing, subcontracting, shareholding or other methods).
In this "Draft Opinion", in order to implement the "three powers separated" concept, effectively respond to the "Law of Rural Land Contract Law" amendments, and consider the transfer of land management rights and land contract management rights exchange, transfer in the parties, procedures , Supervision and other aspects are quite different. This revised draft defines the scope of circulation, focusing on the circulation of land management rights. The circulation method includes leasing and shareholding, etc., and the name of the regulation is revised from the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Contracting Management Rights" It is the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights".
For the transfer and exchange of land contractual management rights, separate management measures will be issued to regulate.
The "Draft Opinion" pointed out that in the context of "divided powers", farmers only have a certain period of land management rights.
Theoretically, even if there is a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing the right to operate for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer legally necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and it also conflicts with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to prevent the risk of farmers losing their land, in practice, methods such as preferred stocks, first leases, then stocks, and repurchases were generated.
Considering that there are more mature theoretical discussions on preferred stocks in the company law, it is recommended to use them as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of losing equity.
