State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of Gannan.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements of the theme of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission", the Central Military-Civil Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau, and the National Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized "State-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises enter the Gannan Revolutionary Old District" research activities to revisit the history of the revolution, pursue the red footprint, inherit the red genes, carry out the needs of related enterprises and the needs of Ganzhou City, and promote the accelerated development of the revolutionary old areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Executive Deputy Director of the Central Military-Civil Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Deputy Minister of the United Front Work Department, Secretary of the Party Group of the National Federation of Industry and Commerce, and Executive Vice Chairman Xu Lejiang, Director of the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau Zhang Kejian, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee Li Bingjun participated in the investigation.
The companies participating in the research activities include 8 military industrial group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 civilian-owned state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 advantageous private enterprises such as Yanxiang Group.
In the meantime, the investigators visited the Memorial Park of the starting place of the Central Red Army Long March, commemorating the revolutionary martyrs, receiving the traditional education of the revolution, reviewing the difficult course of the Red Army during the Long March, on-site investigation of 7 enterprises and a testing center in Ganzhou, held a symposium, reached 8 cooperative projects and conducted on-site signing.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced high-quality projects to participating enterprises.
China Weapon Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an Tianhe Defense Technology Co., Ltd., Jiangxi Jinli Yongmao Technology Co., Ltd. spoke on behalf of military industrial group companies, civilian-owned state-owned enterprises, private enterprises, and local enterprises, saying that they will continue to strengthen the demand connection between state-owned enterprises and advantageous private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the field of cooperation, help the transformation and upgrading of industries, and promote the old revolutionary areas to achieve high-quality development.
Through this research activity, we further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary area of Gannan, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary area at this stage, and strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people and start businesses. It has an important role in promoting the quality change, efficiency change, and dynamic change of economic development in the former Central Soviet District of Gannan.
Beijing market supervision department launches comprehensive law enforcement commodity prices before the holiday are basically stable
China News Network, Beijing, September 27th (Reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and law enforcement before the holiday, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau inspected more than 2,000 business entities on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection shows that the supply of daily necessities such as grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, and egg milk sold on the market is sufficient, commodity prices are basically stable, no serious violations of laws and regulations have been found, and the overall order of market operations is stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the bureau carried out "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" activities throughout the city, focusing on key areas and key areas for price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other elements and all aspects of law enforcement inspection to comprehensively regulate the order of market operations.
According to reports, the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau's five law enforcement teams, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, coordinated and cooperated closely. The heads of various law enforcement agencies led the team to conduct joint law enforcement inspections on some randomly selected business entities in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement personnel focused on the inspection of price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The market supervision bureaus of all districts also organized joint law enforcement inspections, dispatched more than 1,600 law enforcement officers, and inspected more than 2,000 households in various business entities. The inspection showed that the daily necessities such as grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, and egg milk sold on the market were sufficient, and commodity prices were basically stable. Operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, and no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said that during the National Day, emergency duty will be strengthened, the market will continue to be inspected and inspected, and various types of market supervision issues will be dealt with quickly in accordance with the law. Once the business violations reported to the public are verified, they will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the law and the legitimate rights and interests of consumers will be effectively safeguarded.
Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition Announced
The "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Contest with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China was announced on the 26th at the Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences and held an award ceremony.
Diplomat Zhong Jifa of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Siyu, representative of the Cambodian-Chinese Council of Directors, and President of the Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, presented awards to the winners.
According to Chai Keqing, Chinese Dean of the Confucius Institute at the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the contest lasted two months and the participants were Cambodian elementary school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and college students (including social personnel).
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat from the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, awarded the award certificates to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner in the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school groups.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were organized according to the university group and the primary and secondary schools. Cambodian senior Chinese experts were invited to form a judging committee. Through the preliminary evaluation, re-evaluation, and final evaluation, the university group finally selected 1 first prize and 2 second prizes, 3 third prizes, 10 excellent prizes; 1 first prize, 5 second prizes, 10 third prizes and 20 excellent prizes in the primary and secondary school groups.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner in the university group, said that he has been learning Chinese for 15 years and has had a huge impact on himself.
Through the essay contest, it is to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia, and hope that the younger generation will continue to contribute to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows guests and winners.
Guo Lina, the first prize winner in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, you have the opportunity to express the emotion of "China in your heart" through the native language of your ancestry and win the prize.
The organizer said that through the competition, it not only created a positive atmosphere for China-Cambodia relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) released a report on the 26th that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that advanced centrifuges at Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
Since US President Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement in May last year and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the 2015 nuclear agreement with major powers.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first generation IR-1 centrifuge to extract uranium.
The other signatories to the agreement, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to save the agreement, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Kyodo News, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Mogi Minchong held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, USA, where he visited, confirming that he would advance the peace treaty including the four northern islands (Japan-Russia disputed islands, Japan called the "four northern islands", Russia called the "Southern Thousand Islands") The territorial issue has been negotiated to develop relations between the two countries in a wide range of political and economic fields. The two sides also reached agreement on coordinating Mogi's visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This is the first consultation with Russia as the person in charge of the negotiation of the conclusion of a peace treaty after Mogi took office as foreign minister.
Mogi told the Russian side, "Including the promotion of common economic activities (in the four northern islands), I hope to carry out effective consultations."
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit meeting in December 2018, the foreign ministers of the two countries confirmed the policy of accelerating negotiations as the person in charge.
At this meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries welcomed the progress made in consultations on common economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Mogi expressed his expectation for the pilot tourism business scheduled to be implemented in October: "I hope it will be successfully implemented and lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks also confirmed that Lavrov will cooperate with the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Nagoya in November to visit Japan.
Tuionetoa was elected Tonga's new prime minister.
Nuku'alofa News: The Tonga Parliament of the South Pacific island country elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning Bohiva Tuionetoa as Tonga's new prime minister on the 27th, replacing former prime minister Akilisi Bohiva who died of illness earlier this month.
According to Tonga's main media MATANGI website, Tonga's parliament has a unicameral system and is composed of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote that day, Tuionetoa won 23 votes, defeating rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Simisi Sika, and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy country and implements a system of separation of powers between administration, legislation and justice.
Tuionetoa also needs to accept the king's appointment.
The next Tonga parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup in advance!
On the 27th, in the game against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back to the city by their opponents in a two-game winning streak, and finally beat the Netherlands 3-1 to usher in a nine-game winning streak.
The schedule of the World Cup is nearing completion. Although the defending is on the horizon, in the face of the Serbian team, the Chinese women's volleyball team can not be taken lightly.
In the first two innings of the game with the Netherlands, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever. They went to the two cities at 25:19 and 25:16 respectively. Until the third game, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the offensiveness of the serve in a backward situation. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. Coupled with the girls' eagerness to attack, mistakes also began to increase. Finally, they were pulled back to the city by their opponents at 21:25.
After the game, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third game, we sent about 8 points because of mistakes."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the game. Although one game was lost, everything was still under the control of Lang Ping. "It's normal to win or lose with the strong team, so we told the players to focus", Lang Ping said.
In the fourth game, the players actively adjusted their status. Zhang Changning had full firepower on the offensive end and scored 8 points in a single game, making great contributions to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11-round confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it did sound the alarm for the Chinese women's volleyball team against the Dutch team: the more critical moment, the more you have to go all out.
In another game on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played 5 innings. The US team failed to take all three points from their opponents. As a result, as long as the Chinese women's volleyball team took all three points against Serbia, they can be defended one round in advance.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although the Serbian team's six main players are all missing, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the form of the current standings, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can "light up" in the game against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down the burden to fully impact the opponent, and the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship. Instead, there may be ups and downs.
In addition, the substitute Serbia team is not a lamb of "slaughtering". In the previous battle with the Dutch team, the two sides fought 5 games. The Serbian second team finally reversed the Dutch main lineup 3:2, which shows the thickness of its lineup.
Before the start of the third stage of the game, Lang Ping also said that the Dutch and Serbian teams are not easy to deal with: "The game in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare as always."
Now the defending horn has been blown, and the game has really entered the "white heat stage."
On the strength of the lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above their opponents, but it is only the last moment. It depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the field.
The University of Macau today (27) held the "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium", attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau and other countries and regions engaged in the research of "foreign stem cells" to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students in Macao universities.
Macao University Vice President (Research) Ge Wei said that stem cell research has medical value and is also one of the key scientific research projects of the Macao University. This seminar will help promote Macao's research and development in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west coast of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Macao University is committed to building a talent training base and a technology innovation center on the west coast of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovation and development of the Bay Area.
This seminar brought together stem cell research experts at home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote the research and development of stem cells in Macau.
Deng Chuxia, Dean of the University of Macao School of Health Sciences, said that the University of Macao has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also significantly improved the number and quality of papers. The University of Macao has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared cutting-edge knowledge and cutting-edge technology in stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, Academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Dean of the School of Primate Transformation at Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture systems to study monkeys and human embryos in vitro; Jing Naihe, a researcher at the Shanghai Biochemical Cell Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained the temporal and spatial changes in cell lineage decisions and tissues after mouse embryos were implanted; Professor Wang Yong of Pennsylvania State University showed everyone how to use biological materials hydrogel to simulate stem cells and micronests for survival.
Xu Renhe, deputy dean (research) of the Macao University School of Health Sciences, Chen Guokai, assistant dean, and Wang Chunming, associate professor of the Macao University Chinese Medicine Research Institute, also introduced their latest important achievements.
The "Second Macao Stem Cell Symposium" was organized by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macau, co-organized by the Chinese Medicine Research Institute of the University of Macau and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macau, and Chen Gongan, acting senior manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, participated in the meeting.
There are 11 academic reports in the seminar, including embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, stem cell mechanism research and transformation applications, biological materials and applications.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm, and participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on related technologies.
Xu Renhe said that this seminar provided a platform for exchange and cooperation between stem cell experts in the Greater Bay Area and other regions, and also provided valuable learning opportunities for students.
The ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be grandly held.
Approved by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be grandly held in the Great Hall of the People at 10 am on September 29.
Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Order of the Republic", "Order of Friendship" and the National Medal of Honor to the recipients of the National Medal and National Medal of Honor, respectively, and deliver important speeches.
Approved by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the ceremony of awarding the National Medal of the People's Republic of China and the title of National Honor will be grandly held in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 10 am on September 29.
This is the "Order of the Republic."
The "Order of the Republic" is mainly made of red and gold. The Zhang body uses elements such as the national emblem, five-pointed star, Yellow River, Yangtze River, mountains, peony, etc. The Zhang Chain uses elements such as Chinese knots, Ruyi, orchids, and other crafts, symbolizing the great contribution of the medal winners to the construction and development of the Republic, praising the highest honor of the country, bless the prosperity of the motherland, and symbolizing the unity of the people of all ethnic groups in China to build a great dream of China.
This is the "Order of Friendship."
The "Order of Friendship" is mainly made of gold and blue. The Zhang body uses elements such as peace pigeons, earth, handshake, lotus, etc., and the Zhang Chain uses elements such as Chinese knots, evergreen, peony, jade, orchid, etc., and uses traditional crafts such as silk inlaid and pinched enamel to symbolize the friendship and unity of the Chinese people and the people of all countries, and wish the world all countries common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Medal of Honor is mainly in red and gold colors. The Zhang body uses elements such as five stars, Tiananmen, peony, flags, and light. The Zhang Chain uses elements such as Chinese knots and flowers. It uses cold-pressed molding, silk inlaid, enamel and other crafts to symbolize the major contributions made by the winners of the National Honor in various industries in various fields, highlighting the leading role of demonstration, inspiring the people of all ethnic groups across the country to never forget the original intention, remember the mission, and strive for the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhuanet will broadcast the awarding ceremony live. People's Daily, CCTV, China Network and other central key news sites will be synchronized with new media platforms such as People's Daily Client, Xinhua News Agency Client, and CCTV News Client.
Stoltenberg said in a speech at the US Military Academy at West Point: "For 70 years, NATO's containment and defense measures have been based on maintaining technological advantages."
He said, but times are changing.
Stoltenberg said: "The competition we are facing is getting fiercer.
So we should redouble our efforts now to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
He said: "Some new technologies are not developed by NATO members, but in dictatorships.
Chinese companies are working on 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in the development of next-generation weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, the "One Boat Ticket Takes Me to See" Caring for the Disabled event was held in Changsha Orange Island. More than 100 people with disabilities from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Island Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 people with disabilities participating in this event boarded the cruise for the first time.
56-year-old Zhao Zhengang is a handicapped person. Due to inconvenient movement of his feet, he rarely goes out.
He said: "I took a cruise for the first time today, admiring the magnificence of the Xiangjiang River up close, and feeling the pulse of Changsha's development. I am very excited and unforgettable."
Volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided meticulous services for people with disabilities.
Especially for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them up and down the cruise.
The relevant person in charge of the Fukang Social Work Service Center said that with the support of the party and the government, the disabled people in Changsha City have continuously developed and progressed in the past 70 years, and more and more disabled people have truly become participants, contributors and enjoyment of social and economic development. Caring for the disabled and caring for the cause of the disabled have gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlights of various media are shining brightly, so that many images that we don't usually remember are shining-it is them, for those shining days of us, inextricably bring heat and light source...
However, if the hero walks around, it seems ordinary as you are like me.
Yuan Longping, devoted to rice research, bred good seeds all over the world, so that more than one billion people no longer have the fear of hunger and great achievements, this man is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the field; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who is so angry with China, one person, one life, one pot, one life, only one thing in the village, I am happy to talk about the old cat in the deep mountains of Guizhou
They, benevolent and benevolent, live simple, simple and persistent. As long as they are immersed in the cause that outsiders can't understand and they are arrogant, they will easily be happy, and they don't care about the fame and fortune.
Just like in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk in the Shaolin Temple Tibetan scripture pavilion, despite his thrilling martial arts, is not dazzling, and has no joy or sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk", every pair of red-hearted hearts, has a home country for me.
The home country is not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also on the palms of hundreds of millions of people.
Once, a female middle school student was madly turned by netizens, "When a hero passes by, there must always be someone sitting on the roadside applauding... I don't want to be a hero, I want to be a person sitting on the roadside applauding."
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
Those who applaud by the roadside are also transferring heat and light, and they are also luminous bodies.
Ordinary is like you, like me, there are always some opportunities in life, there are moments, there is a kind of accumulation, and it is also shaping the appearance of a hero.
Shanghai Excellent Judge Zou Bihua, who shoulders the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, has sent the teacher of the communication room to tell his story at the annual meeting. He has sent and received countless newspaper letters a year, and he has never made mistakes. "Doing simple things is not easy". Zou Bihua led the judges to send the applause to the old "sweeping monk" send and receive.
This is a sympathy between heroes, and one hero is applauding another hero.
The sweeping monk has the Shaolin Temple Tibetan scripture pavilion, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experiment field, Nanrendong has the "eye of heaven", Qin Yi has the stage, and Zhou Ruchang has the forum... Whether you can be a hero depends not only on your own efforts, but also on a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "Chinese Sky Eye" now appears to be a myth.
In the 1990s, the Chinese scientific and technological community was still climbing hard, and the novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Body."
At that time, the most powerful "eye" was the single-sided caliber radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico Island in the United States-Arecibo, with a diameter of 350 meters, which is considered to be the most "insurmountable" in the world.
At that time, the Chinese radio telescope was less than one-tenth the diameter.
Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insists on returning to China and brings back an almost crazy idea: building a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
China is a waste of life, is it a huge investment to play the stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "Sky Eye" project kicked off.
It took 12 years to select the site, and another 9 years after the project was completed.
With the opening of the "Sky Eye" with a caliber of 500 meters, China has made a "big scientific project unique in the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "Sky Eye" is amazing, the Nanrendong are amazing, and the republic with a large capacity and a long way to stand is amazing.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nanrendong had the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the courage of the people.
There are young talents and white-haired heroes walking by, and there are people applauding gently on the roadside. Such a country is very beautiful and harmonious.
Waste sorting education first entered Jilin kindergarten environmental protection concept started from the doll
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province conducted a garbage sorting education class to teach young children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage sorting has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
A few days ago, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Jilin Province Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste."
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot of the compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun City, the province decided to carry out domestic waste sorting in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we will achieve the effect of using young children to drive the family and kindergarten to drive the society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Faner International Kindergarten, who held the event, said.
On the same day, the director read out the environmental protection proposal, hoping that garbage sorting will start with the children.
After the children performed the "Low Carbon Babe" dance, they started a small game of garbage sorting in groups.
The instructor also issued "recyclable" and "other garbage" labels, suggesting that the children stick the labels to the trash can and record small videos after returning home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low-carbon, green and environmental protection, and regularly opened environmental protection lectures.
Sortable trash cans are also set up at the garbage dumps in the park, and the dumping categories are marked on them.
Teacher teaches children what is recyclable garbage Photo by Cangyan
According to preliminary statistics, the amount of urban domestic waste generated in Jilin Province in 2018 was about 5.4652 million tons, all of which went to domestic waste disposal sites for treatment.
Among them, 3.293 million tons of sanitary landfill, 2.0923 million tons of incineration, and a comprehensive utilization process of 80,100 tons.
After years of hard work, all cities and counties in the province have the ability to harmlessly dispose of domestic waste.
The "Jilin Province Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Municipal Domestic Waste" that has been issued clearly requires in-depth activities such as garbage sorting into campuses, textbooks, and classrooms, and through the creation of garbage sorting songs, songs, comics, micro-videos, etc. To strengthen the interaction between students and parents, to achieve the effect of "educating a child, affecting a family, driving a community, and cultivating new generations."
According to data released by Mazda on September 27, global sales in August were 117,015.
Due to the impact of insufficient new car launches and reduced price cuts, sales in China fell by 21%.
Domestic sales in Japan decreased by 6%, and the demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
In August, Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China.
August 2018 also decreased by 13% from the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
Sales of China's main SUV "CX-4" decreased by 14%.
A long time has passed since the launch of "CX-4" in 2016, and the effect of new cars has declined.
Reducing price cuts due to a long-term strategy to increase brand value is also reported to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year-on-year to 27,482 units, an increase of 14 months.
In August, the seller's business day was one day longer than the previous year, and the addition of "strengthening promotion and other promotional activities" (Mazda) led to an increase in sales of SUVs such as "CX-5."
Domestic sales in Japan fell by 6% to 14,422 units.
The company said that the emergency panic buying before the tax increase "has not reached the level of the previous (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
Chirac's death as a political legacy
On the 26th local time, former French President Chirac died suddenly at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is undergoing major changes that have not been seen in a century, the French politician's many political legacies left in power that year are still worthy of our praise.
Chirac served as French President for 12 years in a very personal way.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Charles de Gaullism, but also firmly supported European integration, and was a representative of the pursuit of the "European Dream."
At the same time, he also vigorously advocates world multipolarization and multilateralism and is a politician with a strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media commented that he was "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of Chirac's relishing political decisions is to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France and Germany withstood the pressure of the United States and walked at the forefront of the anti-war.
A year after the outbreak of war, he predicted that the Iraq war would lead to increased terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was very correct.
At a time when European integration is in doubt and American unilateralism is becoming more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choices on international politics and global affairs are undoubtedly of great enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes Chinese people feel familiar and kind.
He is one of the advocates and creators of the "Golden Decade" of Sino-French relations. After being elected French President for the first time in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with a politician's strategic vision.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France grew rapidly, and the two countries have made breakthrough progress in cooperation in aviation, nuclear energy, railway transportation and other fields.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac created a brand new cultural exchange model in the history of China and France.
Chirac's love for Chinese culture throughout his life was particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems by Li Bai and Du Fu, and can even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronzes.
"Not seeing the pyramids is not really going to Egypt, not seeing the Qin Terracotta Warriors is not really going to China"-this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency reporters, Chirac said: "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, ecological problems arising from China's economic growth, and China's international political status.
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I think China is a country with a long history of civilization, and its experience is enough to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and assume its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also think that China's renaissance will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The Sri Lankans have gone, but Chirac's political legacy and revelation to the world will survive forever.
The "Seventh China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference" with the theme of "Digital Convergence Valley, Wisdom Enjoying the Future" was unveiled in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly a thousand experts and scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research pay attention to big data hotspot research issues and interpret the technological progress of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF), jointly organized by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology, organized 5 invited reports and 188 forum reports, and established 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums, focusing on the basic theories of big data, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology Research results are exchanged and discussed.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference aims to strengthen the contact and exchange between domestic and foreign scholars in the field of big data, promote multi-disciplinary integration and the development of the big data industry. After 7 sessions, it has developed into a scientific research achievement exchange and the most influential domestic big data academic conference. The content of the conference has been extended to basic theories and technical applications.
The Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council formed a joint delegation of members to oppose the US-related Hong Kong bill
Some members of the Hong Kong SAR Legislative Council issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the passage of the "2019 Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act" by the Foreign Committees of the US Senate and the House of Representatives.
The statement, signed by 40 members of the formed faction, stated that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are granted by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs zone, and signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture, and sports in the name of "Hong Kong, China."
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly abided by international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, conducted business with different countries and regions, and participated in cooperation in many related fields. The achievements are remarkable and obvious to all.
The statement said that the passage of relevant bills by the Foreign Committees of the US House of Representatives and the House of Representatives was not necessary, but only in response to the call of its agents in Hong Kong as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and obtaining political bargaining for its agents in Hong Kong.
Members of the formed faction deeply regret the move by the American Association and strongly oppose it.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment, and clean society make it a good location for American businessmen to do business.
If the United States passes this bill, in addition to combating the interests of Hong Kong and the United States itself, it will also worsen Sino-US relations, without any benefits, and harm others.
The statement stated that Hong Kong will, as always, unwaveringly implement the "one country, two systems" policy, continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law, and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make due contributions to the international community and international business.
According to the "European Times" report on the 26th, the two houses of the French parliament will discuss immigration policy reform next week.
French President Macron recently claimed that France can not "accept everyone", but at the same time it must strive to "properly accept."
According to reports, Macron tried to find a compromise route in immigration matters to slow the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, Macron said in an interview during the general debate of the UN General Assembly in New York, USA, that he hopes to have a real "two-pronged" plan on immigration policy to find a balance between humanitarianism and efficiency.
Macron said: "If France wants to accept (immigration) properly, it can not accept everyone."
Macron cited four key points of immigration policy: granting asylum qualifications to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; promoting the integration of immigrants more efficiently; receiving and protecting all immigrants entering French territory; and resettling people who enter France illegally and are not suitable for stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system has been the subject of most discussion before.
Macron said he hopes to "evaluate" the system, but does not cancel it, but restricts it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, the leader of the far-right "National League", tweeted that Macron's position was "empty talk."
Rascher, a member of the right-wing Republican faction and the speaker of the Senate, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "moderate" but "face to reality" way, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Varau, a member of the Left Socialist Party, believes that on the issue of immigration, France should "accept more and better" and criticize Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report pointed out that the new version of the "Asylum and Immigration Law" has been promulgated for one year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it has failed to appease the right opposition party.
In the next 2022 general election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of far-right attacks. Macron needs to make a difference on this issue, but at the same time it will also risk angering the left-wing people within the ruling party.
According to reports, the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate immigration policy from September 30, and the Senate will debate from October 2.
There are signs that China's A-shares are ushering in a "repurchase tide", and many listed companies have come up with "real money" to repurchase company stocks.
According to the statistics of financial data service provider Oriental Fortune, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies in 2019 has exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, setting a record high in A-share repurchase funds.
In this regard, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Kerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market this year is low, and the repurchase of shares at a relatively low price is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and sufficient cash flow conditions, which will help boost investor confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchases.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued implementation rules for listed companies to repurchase shares, which provided detailed rules and guidelines for listed companies to repurchase shares.
According to media statistics, since this year, listed companies that have implemented a shareholding repurchase plan are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, real estate industry, information technology industry, and electronic equipment manufacturing.
In addition, judging from the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies have repurchased more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, Yili shares ranked first, with a repurchase amount of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of stocks by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, deputy dean of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with China News Service that the repurchase on the one hand shows that listed companies have strong economic strength and good financial status, and have the ability to maintain stock price stability and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows that listed companies and their controlling shareholders are responsible for the company, for the market, and for investors.
The former is based on the company's good operating performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have a high quality.
For the capital market, this is the most basic element.
The repurchase of stocks by listed companies is conducive to boosting investor confidence and has a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
According to estimates by the Oriental Securities Research Report, based on the estimated number of stock repurchases set by A-share listed companies as a whole since the beginning of this year, and the average transaction price of stocks that have been repurchased, the incremental capital brought by the repurchase of stocks to the A-share market this year is expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
It took nearly two months for the restoration of the large mural "Tianhou Sacred Map" of Tianjin Tianhou Palace, a national key cultural protection unit, to be completed on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during the National Day this year.
"Tianhou Sacred Map" is a large-scale traditional mural that comprehensively reflects the life of Mazu.
Approved by relevant state departments, it was drawn by Cai Changkui, former director of Tianjin Folklore Museum (Tianhou Palace) from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north palace walls of the main hall of Tianhou Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high. It is divided into upper and lower parts. It uses more than 30 stories such as the birth of the queen, the crossing of the sea, and the ascension of the feather. 358 characters reproduce the life story of Mazu.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "one wet and one dry" has caused the murals to crack, and the cracked parts account for 60% of the entire mural area.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Management Committee of Ancient Culture Street and Tianhou Palace of Nankai District of Tianjin City launched the restoration project of the murals of the Tianhou Palace Hall and the hall.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and invited four famous Chinese painters to participate together.
The restoration work is based on the principle of "repairing old as old", and at the same time, the original murals have been partially adjusted to supplement and repair the areas where the murals were not perfect.
During the restoration, we have also made innovations and attempts in colors, materials, pens and inks.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original murals were maintained.
The Tianhou Palace was built in 1326, formerly known as the Tianfei Palace, commonly known as the Niangniang Palace. It has been rebuilt many times and is the oldest building complex in the urban area of Tianjin. It is also one of the earliest surviving Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the commissioning ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was grandly held.
The shape of the terminal building of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix Spreading its Wings" and is hailed as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World."
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded. Last year, it carried 100 million + passengers and became the second airport in the world to have an annual passenger throughput of more than 100 million passengers after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is expected that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million passengers, accounting for 20% of international flights; by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million passengers, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country gate", how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province, with a straight-line distance of 46 kilometers from Tiananmen Square. It is currently the largest new airport in the world.
The projected area of the steel structure of the roof of the terminal building is 180,000 square meters, which is the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival floors and two departure floors-F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure, and international departure, respectively.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high-speed and the airport outside the terminal building corresponds to the terminals F3 and F4, respectively-the upper floors for international departures and both floors for domestic departures.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of Beijing's "dual airports."
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development, and a comprehensive transportation hub in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region that supports the construction of the Xiong'an New District. Up to now, a total of 66 airlines intend to settle in Beijing Daxing International Airport, of which 20 Airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regions and foreign airlines, all airlines have been approved for flight schedules.
In the winter and spring season of 2019, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes; it covers 112 destinations worldwide, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This has formed a "dual hub" airport pattern with Beijing Capital International Airport's coordinated development, moderate competition, and world-class competitiveness, which not only eases the operating pressure of Capital Airport's capacity saturation, but also better meets the rapid growth of air transportation in Beijing and surrounding areas The urgent need to effectively enhance the international competitiveness of my country's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport has fully considered the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. The airport runway has adopted the "omnidirectional" layout for the first time in China, using the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and establishing China's largest terminal control area can maximize the efficiency of aviation operations.
Airports of this scale in China have used the localized baggage automatic processing and information management system for the first time, using an innovative baggage transmission mode to improve the efficiency of baggage system processing.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport heralds the cool flight of Phoenix.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts and has a localization rate of more than 98%, will surely have a direct and indirect economic impact on industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
MCA tentatively convenes a general meeting in November and plans to transfer to the party age to 16
MCA tentatively convenes the Central Congress in early November, and plans to revise the party constitution to lower the age of joining the party to 16 years.
As Congress passed a reduction in the voting age for general elections, MCA announced that it would hold the 66th Central Congress this year and proposed proposals to revise the party constitution, including a reduction in MCA's age for joining the party, from the existing 18 to 16 years old.
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang said that the MCA Central Committee was originally scheduled to convene the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election of the Tanjung Biai National Assembly seat, the date of the conference may be changed.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination day and voting day of the Tanjung Biai National By-election, they will meet on the next day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the Congress and to revise the party constitution. It just happened that the Indigenous Solidarity Party Tanjung Biai MP Datuk Mohammad Farri died of illness and therefore joined the agenda of this national by-election.
Wang Boxiang, Secretary of Shandong Former Shouguang County Party Committee-Qiang County Fumin Chizi Xin-Xinhuanet
Wang Boxiang, born in Shouguang, Shandong, was born in February 1943. He joined the work in 1967 and has held positions of secretary of the township party committee, secretary of the county party committee, and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang served as secretary of the Shouguang County Party Committee of Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During his 5 years in Shouguang, Wang Boxiang held three things with the heart of the people in mind: one is to promote the industrialization of vegetables; the other is to develop the Shoubei saline-alkali beaches; the third is to lay the foundation for the industry to turn over, so that Shouguang people have since bulged up their pockets and raised their waists.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of vegetable cultivation and have also learned the lessons of vegetable cultivation.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers planted vegetables and harvested them, but they couldn't sell them and rotted in the ground.
Wang Boxiang's investigation found that the key to grasping vegetables is to improve circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in building a vegetable wholesale market and opened the prelude to the development of a market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead and mess up, and all losses will be borne by the county.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 party members including Sanyuan Zhucun Wang Leyi started 17 winter warm vegetable greenhouses. At that time, 17 "double ten thousand households" appeared in the village.
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion team. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured and guided in various towns and villages; more than 5,000 vegetable greenhouses were promoted in the first year, and then the vegetable greenhouses were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million mu of land in Shoubei, in addition to saline-alkali beaches, are shallow beaches.
The local people's lives are very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable greenhouse, what should Shoubei do?
Wang Boxiang organized more than 100,000 people to engage in a general battle and camped on the barren beaches for four or fifty days.
The leading cadres of Wang Boxiang and the county are all on the construction site. They are like a migrant worker. They are burdened by carts, and have dinner and sleep. When the people see them, they all extend their thumbs and admire in their hearts... At that time, Shoubei developed a 150,000 mu shrimp pond, 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields have been developed on the saline-alkali beaches.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference as the secretary of the county party committee for the first time.
During the meeting, a "Comparative Table of Industrial Economic Numbers in 12 Counties and Districts of Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is not bad, ranking fourth.
But if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang took a group of more than 70 people and went to the field to "change his mind."
Less than a year after returning, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Since then, "learning missions" have been organized every year to study in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over the convening of a special meeting: the director manager was publicly selected in the county, and 40 "entertained talents" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the deputy mayor of Weifang.
He left behind more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million mu of cotton fields, salt fields, shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "ten thousand households", and a cadre team recognized by the people. Shouguang people still affectionately call him "our Boxiang secretary."
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi chaired the meeting of foreign ministers of China and the African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
The current African Security Council member Cte d "Ivoire Foreign Minister Tano, Equatorial Guinea Foreign Minister Oyono, South African Foreign Minister Pandor, and the candidate member Niger Foreign Minister Kara, Tunisia Foreign Minister Jehinavi attended the meeting.
Wang Yi made four suggestions on strengthening China-Africa cooperation in the Security Council.
First, rely on unity for strength.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are challenged, and the role of the United Nations is impacted, harming the interests of the vast number of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to work hand in hand and shoulder to shoulder, and unity can have strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, and the focus is not just three votes, but the entire African continent.
China and Africa stand together, not just four votes, but will drive other countries to follow up and influence and shape the Security Council's agenda.
Since 2018, China and the African members of the Security Council have established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism, and this coordination mechanism must be fully used.
Second, resolve disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated political solutions to hot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and has experience in the successful mediation of African regional and subregional organizations.
Many of the complex problems on the Security Council's agenda, especially African hotspots, are mostly the root cause of colonialism, and some are directly related to external factors.
We must make good use of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self-reliance for self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best, and Africa also has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with hot issues in Africa, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting Africa's wishes, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with the African side and resolutely promote the capacity building of African independent peace operations.
Fourth, rely on development to govern fundamentally.
China and the vast majority of African countries are developing countries. We must insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other's choice of development path.
China is willing to closely link the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" with the African Union's 2063 Agenda, the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, and the development strategies of African countries to help African countries enhance their development capabilities and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We must work together to promote the United Nations to increase investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has once again erupted. China has and will continue to give full support, provide human and material assistance within its capacity, and is willing to coordinate operations with African countries to mobilize the United Nations and WHO to increase assistance and give full play to the United Nations. The role of the Congolese stabilization mission.
The neonatal department and other relays saved small lives.
thrilling!
The pregnant mother of the second child had an early attack. On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby couldn't wait to be born on the father's car co-driver.
Fortunately, obstetrics and neonatal doctors handled it in time, and the relay saved this little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the Obstetrics and Neonatal Department of the Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province received three premature babies on the road for three consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 ambulances. Both are premature babies at 29 weeks.
Ms. Cheng is a pregnant mother with a second child. At 7 a.m. on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach, thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant, and the first child was also born prematurely. She packed up the products to be prepared and went to the hospital after bathing.
After 9:30, Ms. Cheng packed it properly and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
Unexpectedly, shortly after the car left the house, the baby couldn't wait to be born on his father's car co-driver.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and her baby finally arrived at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Building of Hubei Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The hospital security guard saw the panicked couple and baby and immediately notified the obstetrics delivery room. Deputy chief physician Zhang Huan and four other doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan took the delivery bag and umbilical cord tray and rushed downstairs.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the co-driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood water under her body, and a baby boy was beside him, with an umbilical cord attached."
Zhang Huan asked that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. The parents didn't have time to cover the child on the way. The early autumn morning was already cool. He was cold and pale, without crying, and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan hurried to the co-driver to deal with the baby's umbilical cord, Zhang Huan went in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped the child's warmth with the treatment towel and the bag of the delivery bag, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (pictured), and then took the baby to the neonatal department on the 12th floor.
When the neonatologist heard the news, he rushed to the nurse's station to rescue the premature baby.
At that time, the baby's complexion was purple and there was suffocation and hypoxia. The doctor immediately gave him an intubation tube. Within a minute, the baby recovered his heartbeat, and his skin color gradually returned to rosy, and the recovery was successful.
After admission, the 32-week-old baby was on an invasive ventilator. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he had successfully withdrawn the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and a small amount of breastfeeding has begun.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th, and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal department of the hospital received three premature babies on the road for 3 consecutive days, and the other two were born in 120 ambulances, both 29 weeks premature babies, are currently actively treated in the neonatal department.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics and gynecology at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, the provincial women and children have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. Failure to deal with this situation may threaten the safety of the mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that pregnant mothers should come to the hospital immediately if they have abdominal pain, broken water, or redness.
In case of birth at home or on the road, the mother should lie down as much as possible, and you can put a blanket under the buttocks to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should be kept warm immediately after delivery and be sent to the nearest hospital as soon as possible.
Yuexin Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the cooperation memorandum signed by VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the advent of Vietnam's first joint aircraft equipment maintenance and repair company.
Two leading aviation technology companies in Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company's joint partner-ST Engineering Aerospace is the world's largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is also the beginning of a cooperative relationship with broad prospects for both sides in the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering share rich experience, which will help the joint venture to provide international-level maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines join the market for the maintenance and repair of aircraft equipment in the direction of Shenzhen and Guangzhou.
At the same time, we have a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
In order to better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows: manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27th. A few days ago, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the "Global Manufacturing Innovation Index White Paper" in Hefei, Anhui.
The white paper shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrade. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of corporate practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property in the manufacturing sector, discussed in depth the hot topics of intellectual property protection in manufacturing, and continued to enhance the high-quality application of intellectual property rights. To accelerate the construction of the advantages of intelligent upgrading of manufacturing.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and make suggestions on how to strengthen intellectual property protection and promote the use of intellectual property.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation and Development of Patent Navigation in Anhui Province". According to the measurement results of the patent navigation regional innovation high-quality development index, the 2018 Anhui Province Patent Navigation Regional Innovation High-quality Development Index ranks eighth among 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities nationwide, and the innovation factor aggregation index ranks fourth in the country.
This forum is hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly undertaken by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision Administration, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
2019 China Open Main Event unveiled today with multiple Olympic champions participating in the opening ceremony
A number of Olympic champions will participate in the opening ceremony and the audience will sing "Me and My Motherland" in concert with the Junior Choir
The 2019 China Open will be officially kicked off at the National Tennis Center today. The organizing committee will hold a brief and solemn opening ceremony before the evening first game. A number of Olympic champions and sports celebrities will gather at the Diamond Stadium. Guests and spectators attending the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Country" together with the children of the Junior Choir.
In the next nine days, including the 11th Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans to spend their holidays.
Since its establishment in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn seasons, and this is the 16th time this year.
The total prize money of this year's China Open is also a record high, reaching 11.16 million US dollars.
Among them, the total prize money of the women's crown game is 7.64 million US dollars. Compared with the two crown games of Indian Wells and Miami, the latter two women's singles games are 96 signings, while the Chinese Open is 60 signings, so for the players, the participation of the Chinese Open seems to be more "cost-effective."
The total prize money of the China Open Men's ATP500 points competition is a record high, from 3.4 million US dollars last year to 3.52 million US dollars. The number of prizes continues to lead the ATP500 points competition, while the total prize money of the ATP500 competition held in Tokyo the same week is about 2 million US dollars.
Before the first game scheduled for the Central Stadium tonight, there will be a brief and solemn opening ceremony.
In addition to leaders and some players, there will be ten leaders from various fields in the Chinese sports industry, including many Olympic champions and world champions.
The first game of the Central Stadium arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round match. China's Jinhua Peng Shuai played against Russian player Casa Jinna. The next second game was challenged by American rookie Sofia Kenning in the 2015 China Open women's singles champion Mugu Raza, which opened the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British "Subway News", Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that the British princess Beatrice and Mozi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate mogul next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and the ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She ranks fifth in the heir order of the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world."
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on social networks on the 26th and said: "We are very pleased to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozi are engaged."
The British said they were engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister Eugenie.
The two said in a statement that we are very happy to share the news of the engagement.
We are so excited to be able to join hands on the journey of life, we can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and concepts, which will make us more stable and full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th, Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial of a new free throw rule. Each free throw is only shot once, and the score is determined by the foul.
O'Neal has a very low percentage of free throws among NBA stars.
The new regulations stipulate that two-point shooting fouls can be scored 2 points, three-point shooting fouls can be scored 3 points, and fouls and penalties can be scored 1 point.
In the last two minutes of regular time and overtime, the previous free throw rules are used.
Although this regulation will only be tested in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on current players if the regulation is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new regulations may be beneficial to Harden, and James, who is relatively poor in free throws, will be "victimized."
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a maximum subsidy of 20 million yuan
The reporter learned from the series of press conferences held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office on the "Salute to the New China Welcome to the Military Games" city that this year, the city has accelerated industrial intelligent transformation and implemented transformation subsidies of up to 20 million yuan. Measures.
Up to now, more than 800 industrial enterprises above scale have collected information on the needs of intelligent transformation.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Municipal Bureau of Economics and Information Technology, introduced that starting this year, Wuhan has launched an industrial enterprise intelligent transformation action plan to provide free consultation and diagnosis services and propose solutions for industrial enterprises above designated size, and comprehensively promote a new round of high-level enterprise technological transformation.
According to the plan, Wuhan City publicly selects a group of professional diagnostic service agencies every year, and conducts intelligent transformation demand surveys for all industrial enterprises above scale in the city by opening columns, questionnaire surveys, and door-to-door reports.
Up to now, more than 800 regulated industrial enterprises have collected information on the needs of intelligent transformation, accounting for nearly one-third of the city's industrial enterprises above scale.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to settle in enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site evaluation and program demonstration.
Zhang Hong said that at present, the city is organizing and implementing 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan, Hongxin Communications Huazhong's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's nation's leading intelligent mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens Transformer digital unmanned factory, aerospace science and industry's first batch of satellite production lines, Huisheng Bioworld's leading new veterinary drug intelligent production line, Oban intelligent home networking intelligent production line, etc.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased financial and financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment will be completed according to their actual conditions; including investment in equipment hardware and RD soft investment, a transformation subsidy of 8% and a maximum of 20 million yuan will be granted.
At the same time, actively cooperate with financial institutions such as the Bank of Communications and the Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank to provide personalized financial services specifically for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously ease the pressure on corporate financing.
Trudeau's "human collapse", can he succeed in re-election?
This time it was Trudeau who dug out a little bit of the "big pit" that tripped Trudeau.
Recently, the Canadian media has exposed several old photos of the current Prime Minister Trudeau. In the photos, Trudeau dressed himself as a black man.
This is considered to be an obvious act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, Canadians don't pay much.
Trudeau was a stone and hit his foot.
As pointed out by political commentator Riley and others, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been accusing high-profile accusations of opposition parties or dissidents within their own party of "major losses" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever commits this error should be expelled immediately."
To put it simply, this time Trudeau stumbled out of the "big pit" that Trudeau himself dug a little bit.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. He had a whirlwind of "political idols" when he debuted.
He was originally a "political amateur". After taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative elections-the Federal Liberal Party had more than half of the seats in the lower house of the federal government and obtained valuable separate cabinet formation rights.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening political platforms and ideas, such as "ethnicity and gender equality", "ecological and environmental protection", and "economic revitalization", emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "unhealthy winds."
However, in his five years in power, he has been stubborn in almost all of the above aspects and "drove high and low."
Taking the issue of "ethnicity and gender equality" as an example, leaving aside the "black face" incident, he had previously "spoken but not true" on a series of issues related to indigenous peoples, allowing indigenous groups and leaders to move the protest tent to the gate of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In terms of eradicating corruption, at the end of last year and early this year, Trudeau was involved in the boiling "Lan Wanling Incident."
He was exposed to pressure the department and officials responsible for the investigation and punishment of the major violations of favoritism and fraud by the construction engineering company "Lan Wanling" in his hometown, demanding that the latter "raise your hand."
Moreover, Trudeau was angry with the officials who disclosed the fraud case after the incident-Wang Zhoudi mentioned earlier was the first Canadian Attorney General to disclose the fraud case and directly handle the case.
Although the case itself has doubts, the suspicions are difficult to scrub.
Many observers pointed out that Trudeau's five-year ruling collapse was mainly due to his "planing pits", and the biggest "pits" were "heads and tails", "self-reliance" and "wider self-discipline and stricter discipline."
Canada's most authoritative Angus-Reid poll data shows that since 2015, respondents who support Trudeau have slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while opponents have soared from less than 30% to more than 60%.
Although other opposition parties and their heads also performed poorly, even a considerable number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party are now dismissive of the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative elections are about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the drama that won five years ago?
The answer may be one word: difficult.
Whether it is from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened to traffic.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already in a state of over-saturation operation, and the opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's aviation service capabilities.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become my country's second city with two airports in the same city. It is similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport mainly serving domestic aviation affairs, while Pudong Airport is mainly based on international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also serve the differentiated positioning of different domestic and international aviation services and provide more subdivided services.
From the perspective of business development, the opening of Daxing Airport is more beneficial to Capital Airport.
Capital Airport's passenger throughput exceeded 100 million passengers in 2018, ranking first in the country, but compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity difference, especially the demand for international routes has a large gap.
In order to better serve the needs of domestic and foreign passengers for travel and business trips, and to adapt to Beijing's increasingly open and internationally integrated urban development trend, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, and plans to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million passengers and cargo and mail throughput in the future 4 million tons.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, and they have sufficient market space for different customer groups.
From the economic account level, the navigation of Daxing International Airport will obviously have a win-win effect, ease the tension in Beijing's aviation capacity, accelerate the growth of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual-core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the navigation of Daxing International Airport, it is not necessary to focus on travel at Capital Airport in the future, but it can also reduce a series of problems caused by excessive route concentration, such as longer crossing guarantee time, slower passenger boarding speed, indirectly increase the time of aircraft and passengers staying at the airport, exacerbate the burden of airport operation, and reduce the burden of shipping through Capital Airport, in fact, it also improves the passenger travel experience.
According to media estimates of the time and cost of various transportation routes to large international airports, such as starting from the South Fifth Ring Road and going directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway, you can arrive in 50 minutes by driving, about 40 yuan for fuel money and 15 yuan for high-speed; and choosing the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line, the distance is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan, 35 yuan; citizens can take Jingxiong intercity bus from Beijing West Railway Station to Daxing airport station for more than 20 minutes.
In general, citizens have a variety of transportation options to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a more reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: Daxing Airport is positioned as a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei transportation hub, so it is a little farther away from Beijing's urban area, but it has strengthened the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitated more people to travel, and driven the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin is of great significance.
In the future, passengers in Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, which can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting transportation facilities of Daxing Airport are very complete. In addition to the new airport line directly to Daxing Airport in Beijing, there are several highways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding area.
This is just like passengers in cities such as Dongguan, Foshan, and Qingyuan in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport via highways such as Guangfo and Guangshen. Residents in Langfang and Xiong'an New District around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient aviation services.
It can be seen from this that the navigation of Daxing International Airport is not just the addition of several runways and several aircraft. Whether it is from the level of corporate competition, consumer experience, or regional aviation integration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching impact and positive significance. It is not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, it provides diversified options for the travel of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, promotes the improvement of the quality of services and the surrounding areas, and promotes the development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we must not only count individual accounts, but also account for the overall development of the economy.
27th small and medium board index rose 1.46%-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27th (Reporter Zhao Ruixi) The small and medium-sized board index opened higher and higher on the 27th, and finally closed at 6077.23 points, an increase of 87.55 points or 1.46% from the previous trading day.
On that day, the turnover of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Among the stocks traded on the small and medium board that day, 668 stocks closed up, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative closed up; 222 stocks closed down, 4 stocks such as Shunwei shares fell; 40 stocks such as Weixing shares closed down.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum Held in Chengtian Hue Province
Ruan Dejian, deputy director of the Vietnam National Assembly Economic Committee, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain growth.
The forum focused on the prominent economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and proposed measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants exchanged in-depth views and opinions on the four themes of economic development in 2019 and the impact of some free trade agreements, some prominent issues in the Vietnamese economy in 2019, prominent issues in the Vietnamese social culture in 2019, and predictions and suggestions for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally believed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed and risks and challenges increased.
The trade friction between the major economies has further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has determined that despite the global economy full of uncertainty, 70% of the world's economies have fallen into a state of stagnation, Vietnam's economic development has achieved many gratifying achievements, the macro economy is running smoothly, and inflation is effectively controlled. In the first half of 2019, the consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64%, the lowest increase in the past three years.
In the first half of 2019, GDP growth was 6.76%, although it was lower than 7.05% in the same period last year, but compared with the level in the same period in the period of 2011-2017, the increase was still a relatively high level.
In forecasting the economic development trend of Vietnam in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of the National Economic and Social Forecast Center of Vietnam, said that in the context of the turmoil in the world economy, the Vietnamese economy will show a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro economy will continue to remain basically stable. The implementation of various free trade agreements will promote trade development, economic restructuring and business environment improvement will be further strengthened. Due to the impact of trade frictions, Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, actively seek trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, look for opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of various commodities such as agricultural and aquatic products.
At the same time, control the inflation rate to a reasonable level, thereby promoting the development of auxiliary industries and supporting the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consulate Office of the Chinese Embassy in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that since the founding of New China 70 years ago, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese programs to improve global economic governance and promote global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's livelihood.
Liu Zhijie said that as the world's second largest economy, China's contribution to world economic growth exceeds 30%, especially China's "Belt and Road" initiative, and cooperation between local provinces and cities in China and Siem Reap and territorial provinces continues to deepen.
He said that this year is the 61st year since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have brotherly friendship, and mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force for local economic and social development.
The Governor of Siem Reap Province highly praised the great achievements made by New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the achievements of friendly cooperation.
Di Saiha looks forward to the two sides continuing to work together to promote China-Cambodia friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve the people's living standards.
Di Saiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and various provinces and cities in China are eye-catching. So far, friendly city relations have been concluded with 28 provinces and cities in China. Large-scale cultural performing arts projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed. Siem Reap-Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, Siem Reap New International Airport Project, Siem Reap Provincial Government Officials Special training courses, Siem Reap Scholarships for Studying in China, Rural free consultation, Beneficiaries of Friendship in China, Beneficiaries in China and Cambodia
Ken Wensong, Secretary of State of the Ministry of National Defense of Cambodia, Weng Heng, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council, Governors of the 5 Provinces of the Territory, Cambodia-China Council Siem Reap Branch, Volunteer Teachers, Siem Reap Branch of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Cambodia, representatives of Chinese-funded enterprises and foreign consulates in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the ten years of "cloud rise" in digital China in Yunqi Town-Xinhuanet
If the 2009 local website forum is used as the origin, the 2019 Yunqi Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has gone through a full decade.
From a concept of "cloud in the fog" to the practice of "cloud", big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies that support China's economic development, social management, and public services in 10 years.
In the Zhengtai New Energy photovoltaic cell workshop in Haining, Zhejiang Province, a new "colleague" loaded with Alibaba Cloud artificial intelligence was recently added to the quality inspector.
It is open 24 hours a day, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the accuracy of quality inspection is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 defect samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective battery films.
This company is just a microcosm of today's cloud computing helping manufacturing transformation.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the "Guidelines for Promoting Enterprise Cloud Implementation (2018-2020)" in 2018, and proposed that by 2020, strive to achieve a significant increase in corporate cloud awareness and enthusiasm, and the proportion of cloud adoption and application depth.
Alibaba Cloud founder Wang Jian said that today, data-centric cloud computing has built a bridge and opened the way for a digital economy where data is a key element.
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the scale of my country's cloud computing industry has also continued to expand.
According to the "Cloud Computing Development White Paper (2019)" released by the China Institute of Information and Communications in July this year, China's overall cloud computing market size reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% from 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of the digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unconsciously changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunqi Conference, the "Urban Brain", which appeared for three consecutive years, still attracts attention.
Alibaba Cloud introduced that at present, the city brain has changed from a traffic management tool to a city management center, and related cooperative applications have been expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception and artificial intelligence algorithms, the city brain uses powerful computing capabilities to enable new city management service functions such as "parking before paying", "real-time perception of the number of patients", and "tourism route design."
In the field of government services, using "one cloud" to connect "one thing" to promote the "handheld office" and "handheld office" in concert, cloud computing has brought convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform across the province through government affairs.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, and collected 19.08 billion pieces of data in 3066 categories.
The average amount of data transferred and shared between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times per month. Every time the data is transferred on the "cloud", it may mean that the masses do less work and run errands.
Use plastic tea bags with caution!
According to a report by the "Central News Agency", a recent Canadian study found that a pack of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, which is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person ingests throughout the year, but so far there is no evidence that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
According to reports, researchers at Magill University in Canada found that immersing plastic tea bags in a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nano plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics a person ingests throughout the year.
According to research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles each year and inhales the same amount of microplastics.
It is reported that this study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. Researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montreal stores and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and dipped them in almost boiling water for 5 minutes, and then used an electron microscope and spectrometer for analysis.
According to this study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several orders higher than the previous plastic load of other foods."
According to reports, most tea bags are made of natural fibers, but many tea bag brands that use natural fibers still use plastic to seal them.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper, and instead use plastic, and these plastic tea bags are the test objects of researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. Researchers define these microplastics to be between 100 nanometers and 5 millimeters in size, mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers have found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world, and these microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
Researchers first discovered plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world in October 2018.
In order to test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put daphnia in contaminated water and found that microplastics can affect the behavior of these daphnia and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence so far that ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to humans.
However, the WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on humans.
The researchers speculate that the reason why these tea bags release large amounts of plastic particles may be that these plastic tea bags are in contact with boiling water. Even if the "edible grade" plastic is heated above 40 degrees Celsius, it may decompose or exude toxic substances.
Guterres said that climate emergencies are the biggest threat to the survival of small island countries.
There, a natural disaster will erode the development achievements of a generation.
The disasters in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas hit by hurricanes this year all illustrate this point.
About a quarter of people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or lower.
The relocation may seriously affect their society and lifestyle, and even cause sovereignty and national identity issues.
At this Monday's Climate Action Summit, small island countries are working together to achieve carbon-neutral and 100% renewable energy by 2030, so they once again lead the world in the right direction.
Guterres said: "The climate crisis is accumulating new injustices over old ones.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because these countries are in middle-income status, many countries are still caught in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must take action, and it is time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration calling for seeking help for small island developing States to manage disaster risk, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urge international institutions to help small island developing States, especially middle-income countries with heavy debts, obtain funding.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the lifeline of the earth-the ocean.
The latest special report released by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week confirms that the ocean has suffered the severe consequences of the "swept" of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many regions may experience extreme sea level rise that would only occur once a century.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, and in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
The needs of industry, shipping, mining and tourism are leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island countries also face high costs of transportation, energy and infrastructure.
They rely heavily on some external markets, subjecting them to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also working hard to deal with the security impact of illegal human trafficking, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said: "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, this problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons and examples that we can learn from all over the world. "
He emphasized that small island developing States are a special case of sustainable development.
They require long-term attention and investment from the entire international community.
The Indian Ministry of Finance stated that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th that the current financial system has sufficient liquidity. Driven by holiday consumer demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitaraman made the above statement after holding meetings with representatives of Indian private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Sitaraman did not specify where these remarks were targeted.
Some previous Indian media and overseas media blamed the continued slowdown of India's current economy on liquidity tensions in non-bank financial institutions.
Sitaraman cited the decline in car sales as an example, denying that liquidity is the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicts that driven by holiday consumption, India's economic growth may resume in the second half of the fiscal year.
India's annual shopping season starts in September and will continue until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping and consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education recently issued a notice prohibiting all primary and secondary schools in the province from making up for violations during the National Day holiday, and organizing personnel to conduct random inspections and unannounced visits.
In the "Notice on the Prohibition of Violent Supplementary Courses on the National Day Long Holiday", the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education emphasized that primary and secondary schools everywhere should resolutely do so during the National Day: they must not organize students to make up lessons or take new lessons, and they must not hold subject training courses, special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., all campuses and school buildings must not be rented out to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, in-service elementary and middle school teachers are strictly prohibited from organizing, recommending and inducing students to participate in illegal supplementary lessons inside and outside the school, in-service elementary and middle school teachers are strictly prohibited from participating in off-campus training institutions or other teachers, parents, parent committees, and other organizations, and in-service elementary and secondary school teachers are strictly prohibited Introduce students and provide relevant information for off-campus training institutions and others.
The notice makes it clear that for confirmed violations of elementary and middle schools, the local education administration department will increase the deduction of points in the county government's assessment of high-quality development education that year; teachers participating in violations of violations will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the relevant provisions of ethics and ethics.
Support live pig production and ensure market supply
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all measures be implemented from six aspects
The province's video and telephone conference on promoting live pig production and ensuring market supply was held today to implement and mobilize and deploy policies and measures of the central and provincial committees and governments to support live pig production and ensure market supply.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
Grasp the implementation of the "vegetable basket" mayor responsibility system. This year, the province's clear 45 million live pigs slaughtering task has been broken down into cities and states and included in the responsibility system assessment.
Grasp the implementation of various policies and measures, and effectively solve the "last mile" problem of policy implementation.
Grasp the implementation of capable sows production, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for good sows, encourage pig breeding enterprises to expand the breeding scale of pigs, and systematically select excellent sows from the commercial pig group.
Grasp the implementation of investment attraction, and regard domestic well-known large-scale breeding enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority for investment attraction.
Grasp the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the transition from "swapping" to "swinging."
To grasp the implementation of the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grassroots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel that are compatible with the scale of breeding and work tasks, and build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Zhongcheng demanded that all efforts be made to ensure the supply of the meat market, ensure that there are no large-scale shortages and large-scale supply cuts, and ensure a stable supply of pork markets on major holidays.
The meeting also deployed on the continuous prevention and control of African swine fever epidemics, the prohibition and retreat of important waters in the Yangtze River Basin of our province, and the acquisition of mid-late rice in the province.
Representatives from Shanghai, such as the motherland, the national soul, the big white rabbit, etc., take party lessons for college students
The "Me and My Motherland" campus checkpoints allow college students to "leave no thoughts."
On the occasion of celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, four well-known Shanghai brands, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, Dabaitu, and Fresh, gathered at the East China University of Technology's "Art Party Class" on the 27th. Four Shanghai well-known representatives with an average history of more than 90 years, all told the motherland and national soul of the well-known brands for more than 200 young students.
The product exhibition of the well-known brands on the spot.
The intimate narration in the classroom made the students sigh that unexpectedly, the exhibition exhibition of products of well-known brands was carefully arranged outside the classroom, as well as the "Me and My Motherland" campus checkpoints for college students to "leave no thoughts."
Dabaitu lip balm, Dabaitu ice cream... As a well-known brand, Dabaitu milk sugar has been actively seeking changes in recent years, taking the initiative to attack, and insisting on innovation and cross-border.
The Big White Rabbit, born in 1959, happened to celebrate its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on young consumer groups.
Wang Weijie, secretary of the party branch and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shaowansheng Food Co., Ltd., mentioned the scenes of "eating abalone in spring, eating bad fish in summer, eating drunk shrimp in autumn wind, and drunk crab in winter clouds", reflecting people's continuous innovation in "eating."
The company also further explores brand culture in terms of taste innovation and comic packaging design to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
Representatives of well-known brands talked about the road of innovation at the scene of the "Art Party Class."
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Seafood Delai Ribs Rice Cake Restaurant Co., Ltd., also believes, "All innovation is inseparable from a solid foundation, and every innovation of the time-honored brand is a process of accumulation.
Everyone's heart is hidden in the expectations of the time-honored brand.
With the product as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first batch of "Chinese time-honored brands" in China, Shanghai Seafood has quickly adapted to market trends, upgraded the brand VI visually, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a substantial increase in turnover.
"The time-honored brands are not only seen in these traditional channels such as supermarkets, but now the time-honored brands will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All our changes must ultimately achieve such a goal, so that consumers can see, hear, and finally be able to buy. "
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd. said.
In the future, Shanghai Soap will also adhere to high-end development, energy-saving and environmentally friendly products with broad system development prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high-tech content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students gained a lot.
As I grew up, the time-honored brand carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Song Yuanyuan exclaimed.
Representatives of Shanghai's well-known brands tell more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of well-known brands.
Classmate Zhou Yueting said that how to tap the brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation is a problem that we, as design students, need to think about and explore.
This party class is based on Ding Wei's "Shanghai Image" project of the Dean of the School of Art of East China Polytechnic University and Professor Ni Jun's "Famous Integrated Brand Innovation Studio", hoping to thoroughly tap the cultural potential and modern commercial value of the well-established brands, and use the competitiveness and influence of Shanghai's well-established brands to enhance the gathering power of Shanghai's well-known cultural radiation to achieve the "1 + 1 > 2" industrial effect in the form of "design + culture."
It is reported that the "Art Party Class" will continue to invite everyone in literature and history, painting masters, pottery masters, non-legacy masters, architectural masters, landscape masters as lecturers, through them to talk about the innovation and perseverance of inheriting Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, use the works to speak, innovate the form of party lessons, and cultivate the themes that students love, and enhance the ideological revival of the party lessons, pertinence, and increase the appeal of the party lessons To train newcomers of the era who can play a major role in national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe video wished the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and also spoke Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China through a video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening everyone, my name is Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to express my warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, Japan and China declared the firm will of the G20 to the world in order to make the summit a successful cooperation and adopted the "G20 Leaders Osaka Summit Declaration."
In addition, at the Japan-China summit meeting and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to Japan next spring, and at the same time unanimously resolved to open up a new era of Japan and China.
Japan and China jointly shoulder great responsibility for peace and prosperity in Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries will work together to deal with the problems facing the region and the world, and contribute to the international community together, which will be beneficial to building a new model for the future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations flourish and wish my friends a prosperous career.
"Some over-age migrant workers on some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many "old people" on the construction site. "
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been a construction contractor for many years in the construction industry, exclaimed that there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
Recently, the college where the author works has carried out rainwater diversion projects. Many migrant workers have appeared on the campus. If you pay attention to observe, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Over-age migrant workers donot go out to work, but because they can't be idle, they have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so"-whether they save money to solve their old-age and medical problems, or help their children, all drive these old people who should have been "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old age" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we thought.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, reading for children, helping children build buildings and cars, helping children start a family, and raising grandchildren from generation to generation. When these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks", the money bags have been emptied and there are even a lot of debts, most of them lack wealth accumulation.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate some more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "doing until they can't do anything."
Many "post-80s", "post-90s" and even "post-00s" new generation migrant workers are reluctant to engage in difficult and labor-intensive secondary industries or low-end service industries, resulting in structural "labor shortages". These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills, physical functions and labor capabilities have declined, and many over-age migrant workers are doing work with high intensity, low income, high risk, and low security.
Being able to work one day is one day, earning a little more is a little bit, and the survival dilemma of over-age migrant workers behind "can not be idle" can not be ignored and ignored.
Solving the problems of arrears and wages, improving labor protection, reducing safety risks, increasing labor income, and improving the living conditions of over-age migrant workers, in addition to their "self-salvation", is also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars pointed out that over-age migrant workers are no longer likely to rely on home farming to solve their old-age care and medical problems. They must support their families through other means.
Understanding the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers "can not be idle" helps us better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and trying to make them return to the countryside truly "old and dependent", it requires the public sector, the market, and society to share responsibilities in a benign interaction, and it requires multiple efforts.
Chemetsov said that Russia will not export such a system in the next five years because "it must first supply its own army before exporting."
This approach is fully consistent with international practice.
The major producers of weapons and military equipment always ensure their defense needs first before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Grekhov, deputy commander-in-chief of the Russian Air and Space Force, said that the development of the system is about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond-Antai" Air and Space Defense Concein.
This is a new generation of air defense system that uses the working principle for destroying ballistics and aerodynamic targets.
The main role of the S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3500 kilometers.
In addition, according to certain information, the S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles and aircraft, almost all types of unmanned aircraft, hypersonic missiles that exceed 5 times the speed of sound, and even targets located in near space.
This weapon can also be integrated with other air defense systems into a unified network, especially the S-400 system, which is very important from a defense perspective.
Sergey Chemetsov expressed special attention to the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian army also needs it, including in the Arctic.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic air defense regiment.
According to news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 air defense missile system by the Arctic Air Defense Regiment of Xindi Island has been completed.
This is not the militarization of Russia in the Arctic.
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that this is entirely a process within the transition plan to a more advanced defense tool in the northern strategic direction.
The Russian Northern Fleet Information Office said: "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controllable airspace in the Arctic has increased significantly."
Very importantly, according to military assessment, the system has been used successfully in the extreme north and Arctic regions.
The officers and men of the air defense regiment trained on the new system and prepared to enter combat duty.
Previously equipped with the S-300 long-range air defense system, part of it is still retained.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy various air targets, whether they are high-speed flying targets at high altitudes or "leaking fish" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system developed by "Golden Diamond-Antai" Air and Space Defense Concein is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets within a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second within a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia never conceals that it will supplement the deployment of air defense forces in the extreme north to ensure the safety of airspace on the northern sea route.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of "Tor-M2DT" air defense missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic. They are enough to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic.
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated at that time that the Arctic "Thor" troops will be expanded to a complete brigade-level system in the future.
Coupled with the newly deployed S-400 long-range system on Xindi Island and the Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir-SA" short-range system deployed in the extreme north, these advanced air defense weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods, avoiding the complicated and lengthy process of opening their own stores.
As a Russian store operator, Russian multi-product company focuses on selling Russian goods in China.
Most Russian products have online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, JD, 1688, Pinduoduo, ShouQ, and multi-functional instant messaging software Wechat. It has its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russian Pinto to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen companies that put products on virtual shelves.
The store plans to open before the end of this year and list products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers.
According to information from the Russian Export Center, the total monthly visits to China's e-commerce platforms are as high as 1 billion.
At the same time, food exports to China have been showing steady growth since 2014, and have exceeded US $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores within the framework of the global import strategy to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display products from companies with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To be honest, my expectations are higher, and sales of 500 million rubles are not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a very positive attitude towards Russian goods, and regard our products as high-quality and green products. "
Kozhevnikov said that competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and intensifying.
He said: "Our goal is ambitious to launch 500 businesses through this store within three years."
At the same time, the platform will also list products of companies in the Russian Far East.
Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor at the Basic Department of Trade Policy of Plekhanov University of Economics in Russia, said: "This is a political project that represents the image of both parties, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution."
"I haven't seen a lot of highly competitive Russian goods in the market."
He believes that the project may not be actually implemented, but it will help strengthen relations between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian companies has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China or other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, that is, a training project for Russian companies by experts from Taobao University. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
In November this year, the Russian Export Center will also serve as an organizer for Russian companies to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects at the Second China International Import Expo in Shanghai.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, where it will also become the center for holding commercial project activities, agreement signing ceremonies, promotional meetings and talks with representatives of Chinese companies.
About 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The Information Office of the Russian Export Center said: "In addition to the agricultural booth, we will also hold business meetings, that is, arrange direct contact between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts to support enterprises and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the Expo will also hold master classes, cooking competitions and Russian food tasting sessions cooked by famous Russian chefs in the "Explore Russian Food Shanghai Station" project.
After the martyr Mohammad Adi Autopsy made a verdict of non-accidental death on Friday, the police waited for the full report and the instructions of the General Prosecutor's Office before taking the next step.
The National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau Datuk Huzl issued a statement on Friday. According to the verdict of the autopsy court, the police will wait for the Attorney General to give the most further instructions.
He emphasized in the statement that the police never terminated the investigation of Mohammad's murder, and the investigation is still ongoing.
On the other hand, Xuezhou Chief Sheriff Noah Zhan said that the police will wait for a complete report on the content of the ruling before taking action.
He responded to this when he was asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the Deputy Chief Sheriff of Xuezhou at the headquarters of the Xuezhou Police on Friday morning.
He said that the police investigated the case based on the relevant report.
He added that the police will also look at the progress of the investigation and decide whether to summon again those who had previously confessed.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing has recently taken Chang'an Street and its routes as the main axis to comprehensively enhance the landscaped landscape and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled. The city's 20 million pots of flowers dress up the capital and dress up to welcome the National Day.
In the past few days, the 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower bed landscapes along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take pictures.
The theme of these flower beds is clear, starting from the "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguomen, and ending in the "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxingmen, highlighting the glorious achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, and showing the people's happy life.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau introduced that this year's greening environment layout makes full use of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
The flower bed displays more than 230 varieties in total, including 16 independently cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistance varieties and 11 native plants.
The three chrysanthemum varieties "Hanlu Jinghui", "Colorful Candy", and "Colorful Autumn" independently selected in my country have been applied for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has recently comprehensively renovated the city's landscaped landscape environment, replanting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flowering shrubs, and 2.3 million square meters of lawn root flowers.
At the same time, in important areas such as the city's ring road, Chang'an Street extension line, Xiangshan Memorial Ground, around the new airport and around important tourist attractions, 200 themed flower beds have been set up, and the amount of ground-planted flowers has reached 20 million pots (plants), 10,000 flower stacks and 5,000 combined containers have been placed, and 15,000 flower boxes have been hung, which has comprehensively upgraded the capital's green environmental landscape.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on issues such as climate change and sustainable development-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (Reporter Xu Xiaolei, Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation attending the 74th UN General Assembly officially released the "China and the United Nations-China Position Document of the 74th UN General Assembly", "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action", "China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)", "Earth Big Data Supports Sustainable Development Goals Report" and other four documents.
"China and the United Nations-The 74th UN General Assembly China Position Document" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields since the founding of New China 70 years ago, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Party.
It is pointed out that the promotion of the construction of a community of shared future for mankind proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has become a banner for the diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thinking, China has participated in international affairs in a more active and proactive manner, made greater contributions to world peace and development, and assumed more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of the international order.
The document introduces China's important contributions to the three pillars of UN peace, development and human rights in ten aspects.
Reiterate China's firm support and practice of multilateralism and the United Nations's central role in international affairs; point out that China's development and the world's development resonate at the same frequency and promote each other; emphasize that in the face of major changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, a constantly developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely linked to the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, introduced China's policy propositions on international cooperation on climate change and China's achievements in addressing climate change.
As the world's largest developing country, China takes climate change response as its internal requirement for sustainable development and assumes the responsibility for building a community with a shared future for mankind. It will continue to overcome many difficult challenges facing its own development, firmly maintain multilateralism, implement international commitments, and fully promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
"China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2019)" is China's second progress report after the implementation progress report was released in 2017.
The report comprehensively sorted out China's measures, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and demonstrated China's determination and achievements in implementing the new development concept and achieving high-quality development.
The report contains cases such as precise poverty alleviation, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization, and joint construction of the "Belt and Road", which will provide useful lessons for other countries to implement the 2030 agenda.
The "Earth Big Data Supports Sustainable Development Goals Report" demonstrates China's exploration and practice of using earth big data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decisions, and reveals the application value and prospects of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals It provides a new perspective and new support for the international community to fill the gaps in data and methodology and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series Activities of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association-Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Works Exhibition will be grandly opened at the exhibition gallery of Huaiyuan Building of Macau Polytechnic Institute at 6 pm on September 29, 2019.
All are welcome to visit and guide.
The well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Comprehensive Design of Macau Polytechnic Institute. After that, they co-founded the design company in 2013. After five years of hard work, the company achieved outstanding achievements and won more than 200 awards internationally. In the world, the business spans 25 cities in more than 10 countries, and has successfully promoted the team design to the international market.
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they exhibited their ingenious design works and shared their experience in entrepreneurship.
In addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience on the same day, it will also exchange ideas on the design and development of Macau.
The exhibition dates are from September 29 to October 10, 2019, and the opening hours are from 9 am to 11 pm. Holidays are open as usual.
If you have any enquiries, you can contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association by calling 85993119.
Laos collectives and individuals won the Vietnam National Medal and Badge
According to the decision of the President of Vietnam, Nguyen Phu Chong, on the award of the Medal of Independence on September 21, Vietnam awarded 12 Medals of Independence Medals to the 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the Congress, the Secretariat of the Congress, etc. in order to recognize them It has made positive contributions to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the parliaments of Vietnam and Laos and various organs of parliament.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Chong also issued a decision on the award of the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship.
According to the decision, the Vietnamese state decided to award 21 medals of friendship and 17 badges of friendship to the 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, various organs of the Congress, and the Secretariat of the Congress in order to recognize them for consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the parliaments of Vietnam and Laos and various organs of the Congress.
In her speech at the award ceremony, Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that the inseparable relationship between the two ethnic groups of Vietnam and Laos was formed from a long historical process. The good traditional friendship, consistency and selfless relationship between the people of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fengweihan and carefully cultivated by the two parties and the successive leaders and people of the two countries has become the priceless treasure of the two countries.
Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that under the complex and changing world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and comprehensive cooperation between Vietnam and Laos continue to be consolidated and developed and are increasingly going deep and pragmatic.
Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that the award of the Vietnamese party and national medals and badges to the collectives and former senior leading cadres of the Lao National Assembly is the recognition by the Vietnamese party, country and people of the great contributions of comrades, and hopes that comrades will continue to work hard to strengthen the great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation between Vietnam and Laos. Make more contributions.
Ms. Ruan Jinyin emphasized that the Vietnamese party and country will continue to work closely with the Lao party and country to inherit and give full play to the cooperation achievements made by the two sides and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and comprehensive cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly that have won the Medal of Independence, the Order of Friendship and the Badge of Friendship have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them honorary awards, and affirm that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
US e-cigarettes have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency" report, on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people have died of e-cigarette-related diseases in the United States, and there have been 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
According to reports, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notified these figures and stated that specific substances that cause related diseases have not been identified.
However, most patients have reported that they have used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that affects mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention pointed out that the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, and 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were notified by 46 states and the US Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned e-cigarette sales, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
According to reports, the Trump administration intends to ban all flavors of e-cigarette products except tobacco flavors from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + smart stop sign" makes you know.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Transportation and Gaode Map announced that the country's first batch of "Internet + Smart Stop Signs" will officially land in Nanjing. By then, 54 bus electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing, which will comprehensively upgrade Nanjing's information service level, improve the efficiency of bus services and the happiness of the people traveling.
In the past, anxiety scenes waiting for the bus were performed almost every day at the bus stop.
It is difficult to predict the running time of the bus, the status of the bus along the way, and the location of the vehicle. The pain points of bus travel need to be resolved, especially in some large cities. The long commute roads and the complicated traffic conditions during the morning and evening commute peak hours have caused the bus punctuality rate to be difficult to guarantee.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Transportation and Gaode Map explored in depth the new direction of "Internet + transportation" convenience services, and launched the nation's first batch of "Internet + smart stop signs" as an intelligent service project.
It is reported that the country's first batch of "Internet + smart stop signs" landed in Nanjing, combining high German big data and high German vehicles' estimated driving time ETA algorithm, and relying on bus electronic stop signs and mobile Internet, traffic big data upgrade to achieve "Bus intelligent stop sign + electronic map" double-end release bus route, bus estimated arrival time and other capabilities.
Through the "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the estimated bus arrival time, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops away from the current station, but also intuitively through the three colors of red, orange and green Master the bus conditions along the way, so that all bus routes passing through the site can be seen at a glance in real time.
Thanks to the warm-hearted technology of "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "inquiring the bus location before going out, mastering the arrival time when waiting for the bus, and understanding the arrival time when taking the bus."
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Stop Sign", choose the most suitable travel route, and at the same time, you can make good psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, so that travel becomes more convenient and calm.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace were exhibited for the first time-Xinhuanet
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were exhibited this time, of which more than 30 cultural relics were exhibited to the public for the first time in the Summer Palace, demonstrating the Summer Palace's rich collection of palace cultural relics and its traditional longevity cultural connotation.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyujijin, Fushu Shoutian, Qigongjuyi, and Fucai Zenghua. It exhibits artifacts such as jade bronze, ancient books, calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous items, porcelain enamel, etc. The shape, pattern and decoration of the exhibits all reflect the theme of "Fu Shou."
Yan Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Management Office, introduced that the number of high-level cultural relics in this cultural relics exhibition is large, there are many types of cultural relics, and the exhibits span a large period of time.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics exhibited were national-level cultural relics and second-level cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Dynasty.
The exhibition of the Shang Dynasty Zhengyu is more than 3,000 years ago. It is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic exhibited for this exhibition; the blue and jade lying cattle are huge in size and weigh nearly 80 pounds. They are carved from a whole piece of blue jade. The preserved quality is very rare; the mountain character Lou Pavilion Wood Clock, "Nanzhai Collection Painting Album" and "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" are also the first fine cultural relics exhibited to the public for the first time.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that this cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of letting cultural relics "live up", relies on the idea of the Summer Palace's "Fushan Shouhai", and uses the theme of "Fushou" as a carrier to let tourists understand the deep blessing culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, promote and inherit the traditional Chinese culture, and convey the best wishes for blessing and birthday.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will continue until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Times Commentary: Resolutely move our own way
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" released on the 27th answered: Over the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and walked unswervingly along this path.
It is the choice of history and the choice of the people that China takes a development path that suits itself.
In modern times, in an environment of poverty, weakness, internal and external troubles, generations of benevolent people have sought and succeeded on the road to saving the country and the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system, and the presidential system have all been thought and tried, and the results will not work."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and New China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
The road China has embarked on is the road to the happiness of the Chinese people, the road to the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road to the common development of China and all countries in the world.
It is precisely because China is on the right path that China can do its own thing well, become the world's second largest economy and contribute the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path conforms to China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times. It will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
Looking back, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of Nan'an Beizhi, understand that what suits others is not necessarily suitable for themselves, and only what suits them is the best.
It is with this kind of road self-confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that attracts worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "historical final conclusion" was once famous.
Today, the success of the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics declares the end of the "historical final conclusion", the collapse of the "China collapse theory", and the failure of the "socialist failure theory."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and strong people, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and provided experience and lessons for those countries and nations in the world that want to accelerate development and maintain their independence, and take the path that suits their national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path that suits their national conditions.
China does not "import" the foreign model, nor does it "export" the Chinese model, but will unswervingly take its own path, achieve its own continuous development, strengthen governance and political exchanges with other countries, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that a Foodworks supermarket owner dismissed a 66-year-old female worker via text message because he was more willing to hire employees from Asian backgrounds. The boss's approach was slammed as "shameful."
The committee said that Jianbin Wang, the owner of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has worked in the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treats employees "extremely unfairly" and may violate anti-discrimination laws.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the store in 2016 and he has always "wanted to fire me" because she is not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, vice chairman of the committee, conducted a search on the Internet and found that "Mr. Wang has published some recruitment advertisements in various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past."
Among the job requirements listed in these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee."
The third post said that he "more inclined to overseas people (sic)."
Mr. Wang dismissed Ms. Ayton via text message in April this year, and later said it was due to her absence and the alleged lack of cash at the cash register from $5.10 to $30.
But Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang's reason for firing Ms. Ayton was weak and lacked evidence.
She has only been absent from work for one shift in the past three years, and the "missing amount" totals several Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton's dismissal was "actually unrelated to her behavior or performance."
He said: "In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the recruitment advertisement released by Mr. Wang, the real motivation for the respondent to dismiss her is that he is more willing to hire employees with Asian backgrounds.
According to Article 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's behavior ostensibly constitutes a violation of anti-discrimination laws and/or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr. Sams said that in view of Mr. Wang's "horrible" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her position.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, who is a temporary worker with an hourly wage of AUD 26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and labor relations legislation, Sams said he will submit his ruling and documents to the committee director to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be transferred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any chance to respond to the reason for allegedly dismissing her.
He said: "I think that the respondent has adopted an incurable unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang" waits "for this opportunity, which he believes will" prove "that the termination of the applicant's employment is justified."
"He was wrong... The respondent completely ignored any natural and fair treatment given to her when she expelled the applicant. What is shocking is that he was rude and extremely unfair."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks is a small business, "but it must be frankly stated that no decent employer will dismiss employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner admitted in this case."
He said: "This is shameful and extremely unfair."
Guangzhou Railway Faces the National Day Golden Week Passenger Flow Increases by 175 Passenger Trains-China News Network
China News Network, Guangzhou, September 27th (Guo Jun, Xu Jing) A reporter learned from the Guangzhou Railway Group on the 27th that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou Railway Group will gradually increase the number of popular trains. The total number of passenger trains reached 175, which comprehensively increased the capacity during the peak passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Railway Station has optimized and reformed the third-floor security channel, adding 12 new security channels. After the renovation, there are 44 security channels in the third-floor waiting room. In addition, in order to smooth the flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Railway Station added 19 self-service real-name verification devices, totaling 71.
In order to alleviate the detention and congestion of vehicles on North and South Road of South Railway Station, Guangzhou South Railway Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 parking spaces to ease the pressure of poor traffic around South Railway Station.
Shenzhen North Railway Station will open a "high-speed rail-subway" inspection-free green channel.
From October 6th to 7th, when the passenger flow reaches the peak period, the exit of Shenzhen North Station A2 will be connected to the subway, and an inspection-free channel will be set up to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during peak hours.
In addition, the East and West Plaza will normally set up a U-color love express channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Jiulong Passenger Transport Section carried out full-service business training to ensure that all personnel in charge of flight attendants learn to master business knowledge, improve service quality, and ensure that train attendants have a good mental outlook and a more professional standard of business quality. Take care of every trip to provide passengers with better service.
Six people denied that the sale of fake Malaysian papers was submitted to the High Court for trial
Six men suspected of forging and selling my country's passports, birth certificates and identity cards, including an assistant director of the National Registration Bureau and a Datuk-level businessman, appeared in court on Thursday. The court judge approved the allegations of anti-human trafficking and anti-trafficking in immigrants and transferred them to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Datuk's Chinese-American defendant Li Zhenhua (transliteration), and also a member of Congress in the Sunset Dong District, Rael, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he no longer became the defendant's representative lawyer and was approved in court.
He said that because he represented the defendant, he attracted criticism from political opponents, and his DAP was also implicated.
He emphasized that he was not afraid of any threats, but he did not want to be used by irresponsible units to defame the DAP and the Pakatan Harapan government or other Pakatan Harapan leaders, so he made this decision after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of Congress, and that he was not legally prohibited from representing any defendant. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. In the face of multiple allegations of Article 26E of the Anti-Human Trafficking and Anti-Trafficking Immigration Act and Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forged documents), they all denied guilt and were not approved by the court for bail pending trial.
On Thursday, two court judges Nosha Ha and Mazlan approved the prosecution's application after the prosecution's statements, and transferred the allegations of the six defendants' anti-human trafficking and anti-trafficking immigration laws to the High Court for trial; as for the allegation of forged documents, they will appear in the court on October 3, waiting for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
The previous six defendants were arrested under the National Security Offences (Special Measures) Act 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the motherland-a sketch of a certain team of the Armed Police Force
Jin Qiu, on the parade training ground, a certain team of the Armed Police Force composed of officers and men with an average height of 1.83 meters was busy training.
The shining spears, the unique olive green and the bright red epaulets form a beautiful landscape.
A few days ago, the reporter walked into this square team and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to be the loyal guards of the party and the people forever, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first."
"Dream shines a glorious life and writes an immortal legend in the new era..." This is a team song created by the Fang team officers and soldiers collectively-"Walking with the Motherland. "
In the square team, this song is the motto of every player.
Qi Xiaoguang, who is 1.92 meters tall, is particularly prominent in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police National Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of soldiers comes from hard training.
Qi Xiaoguang, as a flag bearer, has been training to high standards and strict requirements.
He tied a sandbag to practice stereotypes, stuck a stopwatch to practice pace, covered his eyes to practice stride, and practiced stability against the strong wind.
In his "Qingqi career", there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
During a flag-raising ceremony, heavy rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
The moment the flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as the base soldier to be read.
The standard movements of the base soldier and the flag bearer are different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although the pace of progress of the flag bearer and the base soldier is only more than 20 steps, more effort is required in training.
The base soldier is the first in the first row and directly determines the order of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced hard kicks.
In the demonstration, his precise stride and pace won applause from officers and men.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
The father of fighter Zhu Xudong participated in the military parade for the 50th anniversary of National Day 20 years ago.
In order to follow in his father's footsteps and become a member of the Fang team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but he was never discouraged.
He said: "It is the glory of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the review of the party and the people. I am willing to endure any hardships."
Entering the honor room of the Fang team, the eight characters of "The Capital's Elite Master" are in sight.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the Fang team, introduced that all the members of the Fang team are from the Beijing Armed Police Corps-this is a unit with a glorious tradition. It has undertaken major tasks such as the founding ceremony, the National Day celebrations, the security of the previous party's National Congress and the maintenance of the capital's anti-terrorism. To cultivate a large number of British model collectives and individuals, more than 50 units and individuals have been awarded the title of honor by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Forces.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held
A reception for foreign experts celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held in the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
Han Zheng first of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, expressed sincere thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care, support and participate in China's reform, opening up and modernization.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially for more than 40 years of reform and opening up, the Communist Party of China has led the people of all ethnic groups across the country to fight through thorns and strive for strength, successfully embarked on a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in a great leap from standing up, getting rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th National Congress of the Party, the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core has coordinated the overall layout of the "five in one", coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, and promoted historic achievements and historical changes in the cause of the party and the country. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The 70-year development achievements of New China are the result of the unremitting efforts of the people of all ethnic groups in China, and also condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China and joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and made indelible contributions. The Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point. The Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to win the Chinese dream of building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource, and innovation is the first driving force", vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy, and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative and dynamic factor. China will accelerate the cultivation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with an international level.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to learning from the world, and a cause of cooperation with countries around the world.
China will learn from the people of all countries in the world with a more open and inclusive attitude, and firmly implement a more active, more open, and more effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China for innovation and entrepreneurship, and welcome talents and talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization construction, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of shared future for mankind, world peace and development, and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was chaired by Wang Zhigang, Minister of Science and Technology.
At the reception, there were about 1,800 foreign experts working in China for a long time, representatives of foreign experts working in China and their spouses, responsible comrades of relevant departments of the central and state organs, and Beijing.
The main shaft of the deepest shaft of my country's railway is digging to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27th (Reporter Ding Yiquan) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd., the first long tunnel of my country's railway-the main shaft of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel of Dali (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was successfully excavated on the 27th. In the end, the well depth of 762.59 meters broke the deepest record of domestic railway shafts.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can play a role in improving tunnel ventilation, improving ballast efficiency, and ensuring construction safety.
Song Tao, Chief Engineer of Shaft Engineering Department of China Railway Tunnel Bureau Darui Project Department, said: "After the main shaft of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel is successfully excavated to the end, it will help to promote the construction of the underground car yard and open multiple working surfaces for later construction. To speed up the construction progress of the entire Gaoligongshan Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of shaft No. 1 of Gaoligongshan Tunnel uses a drilling method, equipped with a "four-system" mechanized assembly line such as a drilling shaft, a drilling stabilizer, a drilling winch, an overall moving metal template, a FJD-6A umbrella drill, a central rotating rock grasper, etc., which has formed a mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, and winch lifting system, etc. The construction process of the construction of the "four-system" has been greatly accelerated.
It is understood that the Darui Railway runs from Dali in the east to Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 kilometers and a design speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Railway Passage.
The Gaoligongshan Tunnel has a total length of 34.538 kilometers and is the first long tunnel of my country's railway.
The scene of the TV series "Hunting Fox" reproduces the style of the police
The episode "Hunting Fox", a theme of transnational escape and investigation, was recently filmed on the spot at Tianjin Airport. Actors such as Wang Kai and Wang Ou filmed important scenes such as escorting economic suspects back to China. The shooting process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
The "Hunting Fox" crew filmed the key scene at the airport that best demonstrated the law enforcement achievements of "Hunting Fox"-members of the Hunting Fox Action Team chased the fugitives back to the country, took off the plane, and signed an arrest warrant.
The crew filmed multiple scenes such as the apron, customs border inspection, and aircraft cabins and doors, reproducing the arduous course and professional style of China's front-line investigative police and fox hunting heroes flying in multiple countries to arrest fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the main team of "Hunting Fox" carried out a lot of preliminary preparations, repeatedly confirming each execution detail to ensure the most real and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will also be filmed in many places abroad.
Vietnam must seize opportunities for the development of artificial intelligence.
The four criteria used to evaluate and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, realization capabilities, asset base and development direction.
The city of Singapore ranks first, followed by cities in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
Oliver Wyman, an expert from the organization, responded to a reporter's interview for Mosin Pevanne: "When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I find it very meaningful.
Overall, I think that in the context of high growth rate, strong economic development path, and rapid development of the talent base, Vietnam's future is very bright.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and is doing very well.
It is important that Vietnam should know how to use the opportunities brought about by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote more economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing people's work, communication and lifestyle.
It brings higher efficiency, but it also threatens to exacerbate social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world today is ready for a breakthrough in the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres said he was very happy to celebrate the 70th anniversary of China's founding here. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements in the past 70 years.
Guterres said: "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped more than 850 million people out of poverty-this is the biggest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in terms of achieving the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: infant and maternal mortality rates have decreased, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted populations has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has decreased by half.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become the backbone of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
As the second largest donor country to the United Nations regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has always been a partner to ensure that the activities of the United Nations remain stable.
China has dispatched troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than a thousand "blue helmet" soldiers on missions in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "On the 75th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to create unprecedented opportunities for development.
For 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only achievements of China, but also achievements of the world and humanity.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the struggle of the Chinese people, their glorious achievements and their contributions to the world.
UN News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading a report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of national unity here. China's national regional autonomy policy has made tremendous achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building an ecological civilization, there are stories of peaceful development, there are stories of the development of the "Belt and Road" initiative, and there are stories of nurturing a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, green water and green mountains are Jinshan Yinshan.
After continuous efforts, China embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a peaceful foreign policy, actively establishes diplomatic relations with countries around the world, plays a role in solving hot issues, and has become the backbone of world peace.
Faced with major changes that have not occurred in the world in a century, China actively maintains the international system with the United Nations at its core.
After 70 years, China is youthful, high-spirited, and magnificent. No matter how the international situation changes, we will stick to our original intentions.
Wang Yi Meets with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawi Foreign Minister Casella while attending the UN General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia in the past 12 years, the relations between the two countries have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have steadily advanced.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutarika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting to lead China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is willing to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the results of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, and promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation in international affairs with Malaysia to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the people of Malawi.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese companies to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million people traveled on the National Day to reflect China's booming tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel in the upcoming "Eleventh" Golden Week!
Big data from several tourism platforms shows that the supply and demand of my country's tourism consumer market are both prosperous.
The Ctrip National Day Tourism Report predicts that, with reference to previous National Day tourism statistics, it is expected that the number of domestic tourists during the National Day holiday this year will be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourism.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities use this platform to book products such as group tours, free travel, customized tours, and local fun, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to estimates by the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, a year-on-year increase of 9.43%.
Not only will the number of tourists reach a new high this year during the National Day holiday, but consumption upgrade will also become the "main theme" of travel during the National Day holiday.
Ctrip reports that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeds 3,000 yuan, an increase from the same period last year. This is because tourists generally choose products with better experience, such as high-rated brand hotels, no-shopping tour groups, exquisite small groups, special cars, etc.
The booking data of Donkey Mom Tourism Network shows a similar trend. Domestic long-term use of comfortable models and "private groups" of less than ten people are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn tourism data shows that its consumers prefer "calm and slow" that emphasizes experience, service, and differentiation.
According to data from Flying Pig, the number of tourists booking in my country's fourth-tier and below cities has grown the fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the consumption upgrade of residents in more parts of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's "Eleventh" Golden Week tour.
Ctrip data shows that orders for car rental self-driving tours during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year-on-year, and short-distance self-driving tours exploring nearby niche routes continue to be popular; the number of private group applicants has increased by 155% year-on-year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
According to Ctrip data, 28% of tourists during the National Day holiday are parent-child guests, 25% are couples traveling, and 23% are colleagues and friends traveling together.
In terms of the age of tourists, "post-80s" and "post-90s" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the more rapid growth of outbound travel in the past Golden Week, the performance of the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching."
According to data from Flying Pig, the number of people booking domestic cultural travel routes during the National Day holiday this year increased by 42% year-on-year, and the growth rate exceeded that of outbound travel.
According to industry analysis, while the demand is strong, reforms on the tourism supply side are being promoted across the country to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast."
For example, the State General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism have jointly released the "11th Golden Week Sports Tourism Fine Lines in 2019"; the Shanghai Tourism Festival 2019 is being held to launch 100 cultural and tourism activities in 7 sectors to attract Chinese and foreign tourists; approaching Golden Week, Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong and other provinces have introduced scenic spot ticket price reduction or free measures.
Ctrip booking data shows that destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics in China are the most "hot", and Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
my country's first live cinema movie "At this moment-Celebrating the 70th Birthday of New China" will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 theaters in more than 10 provinces across the country on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast the scenes of the celebration meeting, military parade and mass parade of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China on the big screen through 4 K ultra-high definition signals.
The person in charge of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th. On the National Day, the headquarters will build more than 100 seats, and install more than 200 sound pickup devices along Chang'an Street and the commanding heights of the celebration area, using the lens language and simultaneous sound. For the first time, the whole process, all elements of 4 K ultra high definition and 5.1 surround sound live broadcast are realized.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China is facing a severe shortage of pork and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak, Chinese consumers are shifting from eating pork to other animal proteins. The outbreak caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of live pigs in China has halved and pork prices have almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two thirds of the world's pork.
Chenjun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst at the Dutch Cooperative Bank of China, said that the demand for other meats, including beef, has increased, and China, the world's largest importer of animal protein, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports, and beef imports account for 24% of the world.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan and became Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government stated that it would release more pork from the emergency reserve before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Communist Party of China.
White paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, and has always closely connected its own destiny with the destiny of people around the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the world's largest developing country, China is unswervingly taking its own path, concentrating on doing its own thing, making the country richer and stronger, and making the people happier, and injecting stability and certainty into a complex and changing world, which in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
China has always focused on economic construction as the key to rejuvenating the country, unswervingly taking the road of high-quality development, implementing the new development concept of innovation, coordination, greenness, openness, and sharing, accelerating the construction of a modern economic system, and better meeting the people's growing needs for a better life.
Letting the people live a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only hope that they have a good life, but also hope that people in other countries have a good life."
China adheres to development and innovation, growth linkage, and integration of interests, promotes the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" high-quality development, and promotes global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says that China firmly maintains and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant in economic globalization and a staunch supporter.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative, strengthen guidance, and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, more inclusive, and more sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening strategy, create a more comprehensive, deeper, and more diversified pattern of opening to the outside world, achieve wider mutual benefit and win-win results, and maintain and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The wider the door to opening to the outside world, the faster it will promote regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of the renminbi.
The white paper points out that China firmly supports multilateralism and safeguards international fairness and justice.
China will, as always, firmly maintain the international system with the United Nations at its core, the international order at the core of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Safeguarding fairness and justice is China's basic criterion for handling international issues.
China respects the development path and social system independently chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes external forces interfering in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible big country, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It not only sees the demands of China's development on the world, but also sees the expectations of the international community for China, and actively participates in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideas, institutional settings, and operating models, and better fulfills its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations, and plays a greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, sums up the successful practices and experiences of national governance in a timely manner, actively explores the positive way of life in Chinese culture, and the resonant point of the governance concept with the current era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to the improvement of global governance, China Power.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26 local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council's "African Peace and Security" public meeting at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Wang Yi said in his speech that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
To help Africa maintain peace and security, China is never absent.
At this moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese navy has been escorting in the Gulf of Aden and Somalia for more than 10 years, and has completed more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa in strengthening its peace and security capabilities.
President Xi Jinping announced the establishment of the "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund" in September 2015, which will focus on supporting peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development in Africa. To date, 34 projects related to Africa have been launched and become a new platform for trilateral cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to the peaceful development of Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest barber died at the age of 108 and cut his hair for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest barber certified by King's World Records in New York, USA, has never retired at the age of 108. He has been diligently cutting hair for guests every day, but on the 19th, Mancinelli died of complications of jaw cancer and bid farewell to his 96-year haircut life.
According to a "CNN" report, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old. It didn't take long to help clean the floor at a barber shop. At the age of 12, he started picking up scissors to serve guests, thereby reducing the financial pressure on the family.
Although Mancinelli attended elementary school at the time, he did not graduate.
Roberto, the son of Mancinelli, revealed that his father loves work, and people from all over the world also like him, but although his father has always been healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year, and finally due to physical factors 6 weeks before his death Unable to go to work, but this is not retirement, because he plans to come back and cut his hair when he gets better.
82-year-old Robert said that after his father's death, he must now find a new barber because he has asked his father to help cut his hair throughout his life.
The repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan in the year, a record high-Xinhuanet
In order to stabilize the company's stock price and maintain the company's image, listed companies have frequently repurchased shares in the past two years. Through targeted repurchases and collective bidding transactions, they hope to pass the information that the company's value is underestimated to the market, so as to stabilize the stock price and enhance investor confidence.
According to Oriental Fortune Choice data, the funds used by listed companies to repurchase shares in 2017 were 7.9 billion yuan, which surged to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase implementation of A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, a record high in A-share repurchase funds, and far exceeding previous years.
From the perspective of the purpose of the repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares and the majority shareholder's shareholding seem to be the same, but there are great differences in the implementation subject, the source of funds, the purpose of the repurchase, and the equity of the stock itself.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Mai Kerong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with a reporter from the Securities Daily that the "Opinions on Supporting Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares" issued in November 2018 addressed the problems of the current system such as the narrow scope of share repurchases, complicated decision-making procedures, and inadequate inventory systems. Since listed companies have been encouraged to repurchase shares from the policy perspective, the phenomenon of repurchase of shares has increased significantly that year.
In January this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Implementation Rules for Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares". The introduction of these policies has broadened the source of funds for listed companies to repurchase funds, appropriately simplified implementation procedures, guided and improved governance arrangements, and encouraged various types of listed companies to implement equity incentives or employee stock ownership plans.
After the opinion was issued, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable situations, the repurchase process is easier, and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is also greater.
Repurchasing shares at a relatively low position is also conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thereby increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the rate of return on net assets, and reducing the pressure on the company's profit indicators.
Compared with the increase in shareholding by major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is more significant, which also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and sufficient cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the underestimation of the stock price is the main factor for the repurchase of listed companies. The company's stock price can no longer reflect the company's future development prospects. Therefore, such companies deserve investors' attention, but they can not invest blindly and need to pay attention to the financial reports and specific operating conditions of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchases have at least demonstrated the company's development confidence and financial strength.
The enthusiasm for the repurchase of A-share listed companies has gradually increased, which has also normalized the repurchase behavior. The data shows that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share repurchases this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has accumulatively repurchased 57.59 million shares of A shares through centralized bidding transactions, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total share capital, and the total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). The repurchased shares will all be used for employee stock ownership plans, including but not limited to the long-term service plan that the company's shareholders' meeting has considered and adopted.
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for share repurchases, and recently adjusted the use of repurchased shares, from the original plan "repurchase shares will be used as the source of stock incentives for later implementation of equity" to "cumulative repurchase 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares are used for stock incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce registered capital."
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the shares that have been repurchased will help to further increase the level of earnings per share and effectively increase the return on investment of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group issued a repurchase progress announcement on September 25, showing that TCL Group has repurchased 3.59% of the company's shares in total, at a cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The office of the TCL Group Board of Directors told the "Securities Daily" reporter that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee stock ownership plans, equity incentives or for the conversion of convertible corporate bonds issued by listed companies.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on confidence in the company's future development and the maintenance of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the company's stocks in the secondary market in the past year, and comprehensively considering the company's operating and financial conditions and other factors, the company plans to use its own funds, self-raised funds and other financing methods to repurchase company shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of repurchasing stocks by listed companies can reduce the number of shares in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important benefit for the stock price of the secondary market; In addition, listed companies are willing to take out real money and repurchase stocks from the stock market to write off, which greatly boosted market confidence.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially for high-performing stocks. It is a very good way to boost investor confidence through share repurchases, and it is also a practice that deserves recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Party Committee, Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Party Committee, and the four heads of the Xiangjun Army of Engineering Machinery Manufacturing-Zhan Chunxin, Liang steadily, He Qinghua, and Liu Feixiang, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from construction machinery to intelligent manufacturing"-three or five years later to build the world's leading level of construction machinery industry cluster.
To build a world-leading construction machinery industry cluster in Changsha, in the current fashionable words, it is to build "the strongest surface."
As the capital city of the inland province, Changsha shouted this bold speech, where did it come from?
Relying on the strength of domineering side leakage.
The four Hunan-based construction machinery companies participating in the dialogue all have their own skills, covering the entire field of heaven, underground, sea and land: Shanhe Intelligent Light Aircraft, Zhonglian Heavy Industry's concrete delivery pump, Sany Heavy Industry's all ground Crane, iron construction heavy industry's tunnel shield machine, its "hard power" can be described as unrivalled in the world and proud of the heroes.
Once upon a time, China basically had no say in the field of construction machinery manufacturing.
Time-shifting, Chinese companies "introduced" and "went out" two-wheel drive, took the Dongfeng initiative of the "Belt and Road" initiative, acquired, merged, and set up factories, and became a leader in the global construction machinery industry.
Among them, Sany Heavy Industry, Zhonglian Heavy Industry, Iron Construction Heavy Industry, Shanhe Intelligent and other leading construction machinery enterprises, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators have greatly led similar enterprises.
Relying on the current situation that the camera moves.
The "Four Kings" of the construction machinery Hunan Army are the leaders of the Changsha construction machinery industry cluster and the leading enterprise in the global construction machinery industry.
In the rivers and lakes of the global industry, whoever survives and lives well is the tough thing to talk about.
In the early years, the global construction machinery industry suffered a cold winter, and many internationally renowned construction machinery manufacturing companies fell down, but Changsha's construction machinery manufacturing enterprises regarded "cat winter" as "winter swimming", adding pressure and self-breaking through the industrial structure Transformation from manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing not only survived, but also strengthened the body and bones.
Relying on the strength of the government and enterprises that the stars hold the moon.
The development of advantageous industries requires both active enterprise and active government action.
The reason why Changsha has the reputation of "the capital of construction machinery" is that it has gathered the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, created many related industrial clusters, and released it by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services, and simplifying the approval process. Service measures, the cost of RD, manufacturing, and sales of enterprises has been greatly reduced.
A good business ecology makes construction machinery manufacturing enterprises come in droves.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building a leading level of global construction machinery.
Whether it is the government, enterprises, or even related industry, academia, research and other links, we should seize opportunities, follow the trend, set goals, and continue to work hard to contribute to the construction of a manufacturing power in Hunan.
Wang Yi chaired the meeting of foreign ministers of China and the African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and good partners.
Whether it is past, present or future, China stands firmly with African brothers.
We advocate the holding of this foreign ministers' meeting, which is a concrete measure of the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and leaders of African countries at the Beijing Summit of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum last September. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council. It is to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council has always belonged to a large number of developing countries, including African countries.
Faced with the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
The two sides should rely on unity for strength, resolve disputes through consultation, rely on self-reliance for self-improvement, and rely on development to govern fundamentally.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for initiating this meeting and congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and Africa and China have always been the most trustworthy and trustworthy partners of each other.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, plays an important and active role in African affairs, has effectively promoted the fair and reasonable resolution of African issues, and has made tremendous efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting African peace and security.
At present, Africa is facing threats of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support maintaining multilateralism, strengthening the authority and role of the United Nations, safeguarding the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and opposing unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen China-Africa mutual support and cooperation in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council, and safeguard the common interests of China and the vast number of developing countries; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" and help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of their right to development.
Qingyang, Gansu: Hu Yangtuo came to the "Poverty Relief Classic."
The autumn of September renders the Loess Plateau.
In Yima Town Yimin Breeding Professional Cooperative, 58-year-old villager Xia Weili filled the trough in the sheepfold with the last shovel of grass, stood by the trough, and watched the white lake sheep chew.
"It's delicious. It won't sell for a good price until it is fat in autumn and winter."
Xia Weili said that he feeds sheep "special nutritious meals" every day, cleans them regularly, sterilizes and disinfects them, and does not dare to neglect them by careful service.
Xia Weili has raised sheep for more than 20 years. He didn't know how extensive the sheep were in the past until he came to work in the cooperative.
Xia Weili is from Xia Yuanchi Village, Yima Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His left and right houses are sheep farmers, but adhere to the traditional free-range method, the quality of sheep is poor, and the number of flocks is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xia Weili immersed himself in research and breeding all day long, because he always held a strong heart.
The people who bought shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can pay dividends and sell at the end of the year, they all count on him.
Fortunately, under the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to engage in epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few breeding "good practices" in the village.
Yimin Breeding Professional Cooperative is a standardized cooperative with 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, the head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep sheds have doorways inside and outside.
"Wool is thick and prone to bacteria. Lake sheep can't wait in hot and humid places. Sheep sheds must be built on three sides surrounded by grooves, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent epidemic, the sheep shed needs to be sprayed and disinfected regularly, and the sheep should be vaccinated three to four times in the first quarter.
In addition to living well, the "little fat sheep" must also eat grass mixed with silage corn, wheat grass, alfalfa, etc., and have a "playground" wide enough to stretch the bones.
The cooperative adopts the method of trusteeship, and guides local farmers to put well-planted lake sheep here, unified breeding, management, and sales, and achieve improved breeding, scientific, standardized, and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep shares pay more than 6,000 yuan per household each year, and there are 4 poverty alleviation targets for building stalls to work in cooperatives.
From "full mountain grazing" to "precision feeding", from "local mating" to "artificial insemination", from "looking at body shape, touching the belly" to "doing B-ultrasound one by one..." In Qingyang, Gansu, sheep breeding is not just a change in feeding methods. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "sheep breeding on the hillside and selling sheep in the market", overcoming the weakness of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and the poor days of farmers. Because modern sheep farming is getting better.
Zou Tao said that if market prices are weak, the local leading enterprise Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd. will purchase at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers diversify market risks.
Xu Jianfeng, General Counsel of Gansu Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd., said that by providing services such as loan guarantees, supply of sheep breeds, order breeding, purchase of quotations, unified processing and sales to poor households, more and more poor households are driven to read the "Sheep Sutra."
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor households have achieved stable income growth through forage breeding, improved breeding, large-scale breeding, slaughtering and segmentation, and market sales of Zhongsheng Agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and animal husbandry interlaced zone, with rich forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale sheep breeding farms and cooperatives in the city. The number of sheep breeding is more than 5 million, and two processing lines for slaughtering 1.3 million sheep are also being built. The flock is becoming the "leader" in poverty alleviation in the industry.
French finance minister says next year will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros and calls on Germany to follow up
Reuters, Paris, September 26-French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, and Germany should keep pace with France's fiscal stimulus to revive the sluggish economy.
Lemaire said in introducing France's 2020 budget that the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing measures have created an opportunity for increased investment for those member governments that have the ability to afford it.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12, and plans to restart debt purchases to lower borrowing costs, hoping to use this to inspire economic recovery and boost inflation.
"Low interest rates will not allow Europe to return to prosperity. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not enough", Lemaire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, it needs it now, the sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation worsens before acting", he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
France has implemented a tax cut of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has greatly boosted France's economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, and the German economy that depends on exports bears the brunt.
Lemaire pointed out that the tax burden on French families next year will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently made important instructions on the protection of martyr memorial facilities, emphasizing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of the martyr cemetery.
In order to thoroughly implement the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping and to promote the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the General Office of the State Council, and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "Overall Work Plan for the Management and Maintenance of the Planning and Construction of Martyr Memorial Facilities."
The "Work Plan" is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities. It clarifies the goal tasks of the protection and management of martyr memorial facilities, and proposes to plan and build martyr memorial facilities to improve the system of promoting the heroic spiritual red education base; repair and protect martyr memorial facilities to create a strong social atmosphere that respects the heroes and remembers their merits; manage and maintain the martyr memorial facilities to form a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The "Work Plan" makes it clear that the repair and protection of memorial facilities should be strengthened, and the repair and protection of memorial facilities should be strengthened in accordance with the principle of overall planning and long-term consideration, and the leadership system should be improved to improve policies and regulations. Facilities and equipment to strengthen service capabilities; optimize the content of exhibitions, innovate the exhibition methods, and enhance the overall efficiency.
The "Work Plan" emphasizes the need to improve the system and organizational security, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, actively cooperate with relevant units, and widely participate in the society; around the implementation of the Hero Martyr Protection Law, improve the legal system, and continue to promote the planning and maintenance of martyr memorial facilities Institutional, standardized, professional; strengthen team building, introduce volunteer services, encourage retired soldiers, martyr families, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the repair of memorial facilities, etc.
Study: U.S. National Healthy Diet Index Increases Slightly but Still Challenges-China News Network
China News Service, September 27th, according to the American Overseas Chinese News Network, a recent study in the United States shows that in the past 16 years, the US government's healthy eating index has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But with a perfect score of 100, this is not worth celebrating.
Americans still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
One of the authors of the study, Dr. Zhang Fangfang, a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases, which are the most common diseases among American nationals.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association on the 24th.
The study is based on the conclusions of a health survey of 44,000 adults conducted by the US government from 1999 to 2016.
The authors write, "Despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges still exist."
It is reported that these challenges include allowing US nationals to reduce their intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fats.
The study found that people's daily intake of these unhealthy fats increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended upper limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the US national diet is the reduction of sugar intake from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the daily intake of added sugar should be less than 10%.
The researchers believe that the reason for the reduction in intake of sugar is related to the reduction in people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang emphasized that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and tomato sauce.
Adults in the United States have increased their intake of fruits, nuts, oats, and other whole-grain foods slightly.
However, data from 2016 shows that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt is slightly reduced, and the reduction in drinking juices has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for up to 42% of daily calories, many of which come from refined white bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on personal health surveys that are conducted every two years, and these surveys will allow adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The government's dietary guidelines for American residents recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating pattern" to reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
The guide points out that people should consume more nutrient-dense foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs, and seed foods that can provide protein.
During the survey, the number of people with diabetes in the United States almost doubled, more than 7%, and the obesity rate has also increased over the years between the surveys-about 70% of American adults are now overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease is still the leading cause of death for US nationals.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Ruan Wenping, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, secretary of the Central Secretariat, and minister of the Central Economic Department, led a delegation to attend the forum.
According to the close cooperative relationship between the EU and individual partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of this forum is "Achieving the Connection between the EU and Asia: Building a Bridge for a Sustainable Future."
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the docking strategy on the two continents of the European Union.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening the connection is part of the above proposition because it brings benefits to the people and economies of the countries concerned.
The above relationship helps bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
He also believes that the EU wants to convey messages about enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial connection between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a special guest of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary meeting.
The nation's first joint-stock financial management subsidiary was established to use technology to empower asset management business
On the 26th, Everbright Bank's wholly-owned subsidiary Everbright Wealth Management Co., Ltd. was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank wealth management subsidiary established in my country.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology, and the establishment of a financial management subsidiary by a bank is conducive to its use of technology to enhance its asset management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank issued separate announcements saying that they had been approved by the China Banking Insurance Regulatory Commission to prepare for the construction of wealth management subsidiaries.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Wealth Management has officially been approved to open.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and was the first to establish Everbright Wealth Management in Qingdao.
Everbright Group Chairman Li Xiaopeng said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern technological thinking and methods, rely on big data, Internet of Things, cloud computing, improve the coverage, utilization and penetration of financial capital, and improve customer acquisition, happiness and security.
By 2021, establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" of my country's financial technology development, further enhance the financial industry's technology application capabilities, achieve deep integration of finance and technology, and coordinated development, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked, and intelligent financial products and services.
Everbright Financial Chairman Zhang Xuyang introduced that Everbright Financial's asset management platform will use intelligent investment, intelligent investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be applied to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competition situation facing the asset management industry, financial technology companies and asset management institutions will use asset management technology to jointly explore new growth paths.
Financial technology empowers the asset management industry, which is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but also injects new vitality and vitality into the development of asset management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new asset management technology system to enhance the product development and wind control capabilities of asset management with the help of technology and digital methods.
The new system starts with the four major capabilities of product design, sales transactions, asset management, and risk assessment to improve the overall intelligent operation level of the asset management industry.
Experts believe that while asset management technology improves customer service capabilities and innovates rich products, it can also enhance risk prevention capabilities and improve asset management efficiency.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, the risk bias of customers through questionnaires was easy to be biased, but now the use of artificial intelligence for user portraits helps to better locate customers, launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, and help resolve risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and spatio-temporal data can help us better characterize the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while mitigating risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control capabilities.
The deepest record of China's railway tunnel shaft is refreshed
China News Agency, Baoshan, September 27th (Zhang Weiming, Xu Weiguo, Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the No. 1 shaft of Gaoligongshan Tunnel of Dali (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on the 27th. The well depth reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the deepest record of China's railway tunnel shafts, and this record was created under a large amount of water inrush.
The Darui Railway Gaoligongshan Tunnel with a total length of 34.5 kilometers is located in Yunnan. The tunnel traverses the Gaoligongshan Mountains from the west bank of the Nu River and is the longest single-hole single-track tunnel in Asia.
This tunnel traverses 19 fault zones and has a maximum burial depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that tunnel construction may encounter, the Gaoligongshan Tunnel is called the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligongshan Tunnel, shouldering the important task of increasing the working surface to achieve "long tunnel short hit" and later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of shaft No. 1 to the bottom of the shaft indicates that the Gaoligongshan Tunnel has officially entered the construction of a horizontal tunnel. After excavation and equipment replacement at the bottom of the shaft, four working surfaces can be added underground to speed up the excavation of the tunnel.
"The shafts are all in granite formations. Because there are many cracks in the granite formations, they can't stop the water, and they keep flowing from top to bottom. Basically, there is as much water pressure as the well."
Si Jingzhao, chief engineer of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau Darui Railway Project Department, told reporters that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangers such as mud and water inrush and collapse. The builder invited experts to check the pulse on site and discuss the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the maximum water inrush in the shaft is more than 300 cubic meters per hour, the bottom of the well is more than 700 meters deep, and the water pressure is equivalent to the bottom of the sea at a depth of 700 meters."
Si Jingzhao said, "If you don't pump and drain in time, you will flood the well 10 meters in 1 hour. We spend almost 85% of the time on water control and 15% of the time on digging."
In order to overcome the geological problems such as the vertical joint development of the surrounding rock of No. 1 shaft, mud inrush, water-rich granite and other geological problems, the tunnel construction uses a system of water control measures combining "exploration, injection, and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of shaft No. 1 has formed a mechanized assembly line such as an excavation system, ballast system, suspension system, winch lifting system, etc., which has realized the whole process of mechanized operations such as drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation, and concrete pouring, which has accelerated the construction progress.
In the end, after more than 1,200 days and nights of construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
The Darui Railway has a total length of 330 kilometers and is an important part of the China-Myanmar International Channel. It is an important transportation infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road" construction.
After it is completed and opened to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from 6 hours to 2 hours on the current highway, which will greatly improve the transportation pattern in western Yunnan and play a role in promoting economic and trade cooperation and friendly exchanges between China and South Asian and Southeast Asian countries.
Lin Zhengyue: As a Chinese, I am proud of my national achievements
The Hong Kong press ushered in the 70th anniversary of National Day.
"Hong Kong Press Celebrates the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
The Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Lin Zhengyue, pointed out at the reception that the achievements of the country in the past 70 years are obvious to all, and we are all proud of us as Chinese.
Lin Zhengyue, Deputy Director of the Central Government Liaison Office in Hong Kong, Lu Xinning, Deputy Special Representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Song Ruan, Deputy Political Committee of the PLA Force in Hong Kong Chen Yading, Hong Kong Press Celebration National Day Preparatory Committee Executive Chairman Jiang Zaizhong, etc. attended the reception and served as the officiating guest.
Lin Zhengyue pointed out in his speech that China has worked hard in the past 70 years. Although it has faced many difficult challenges, it has overcome and surpassed one by one. The achievements made by the world are obvious to all. We are all proud of us as Chinese.
After returning to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the mainland, making progress together and sharing fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems", Hong Kong can continue to play its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, there have been constant social disputes in Hong Kong, every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have also faced different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that friends in the press will continue to face difficulties, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the society, and contribute to the future of Hong Kong and the society's return to rational communication and dialogue.
Jiang Zaizhong pointed out in his speech that the glorious course that New China has traveled is also the course of development, common progress, blood connection, honor and shame between Hong Kong and the motherland.
Especially since Hong Kong returned to the motherland, the central government has unswervingly implemented the policies of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people govern Hong Kong", and a high degree of autonomy. Hong Kong and the mainland have worked together to help each other and jointly created a miracle of mutual benefit and economic take-off.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered together to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there have been a series of violent activities that violated the law and destabilized society indiscriminately. Some media published distorted and false reports, which contributed to the violence.
He called on the media to stir up the flames and create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and maintain the rule of law.
Professional media people must abide by the professional norms of journalism, use real reports and responsible speech to guide citizens to consciously and violently cut off, and maintain the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and toasted with the officiating guests to bless the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Xining Municipal Party Committee Propaganda Department that Xining City will implement the "Xining City Civilized Behavior Promotion Regulations" from October 1, focusing on 15 types of uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians not passing traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings. Make a list of key governance and set corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy minister of the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Party Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, introduced that since Xining won the title of National Civilized City in 2017, the civilization literacy and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behaviors such as pedestrians crossing roads, running red lights, and non-motorized vehicles not passing traffic lights; parabolic parachutes, parabolic windows, and smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places, and letting them defecate everywhere are still very prominent and are easy to rebound. It needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
The regulations combine Xining's reality, from public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental hygiene, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, construction of civilized campuses, promotion of civilized family construction, performance of official duties, commemoration of heroic martyrs, medical services, etc., put forward more comprehensive and higher standards for the civilized code of conduct of individuals and units, so that the whole society understands "what can be done", "" "" "" what to advocate "and" what is prohibited. "
"Formulating and promulgating regulations to eliminate blind spots and misunderstandings in the field of cognition of civilized behaviors, and comprehensively regulating citizens' manners, housekeeping, dining, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, wedding and funeral services, etc. will provide a strong guarantee of the rule of law for the normalization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining City."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary general of the Standing Committee of the Xining Municipal People's Congress, said.
Tonight, Beijing Metro Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed
Beijing News (Reporter Pei Jianfei) This (September 27) afternoon, the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice saying that from September 27 to October 7, Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 extended the last bus operation date will be adjusted.
During the extended operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the next morning, with an average of 10 minutes for a train.
The operation time of Line 1 is extended from west to east by 61 minutes, and the operation time is extended from east to west by 64 minutes. The last bus departure time of all stations along the route is after 00:30 the next day; the inner ring of Line 2 is extended by 81 minutes, and the outer ring is extended by 95 minutes. The last bus departure time of all stations along the route is after 0:20 the next day, the front gate station will open the last bus at 00:50 the next day.
The last bus of Beijing West Railway Station (towards Coking Plant Station) on Metro Line 7 was extended from 23:15 to 00:15 the next day, and the last bus of Coking Plant Station (towards Beijing West Station) was extended from 22:25 to 23:25.
British tourist's car key fell into the lake and the whole family was trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took two children to France for a holiday. As a result, they accidentally dropped the car key into the lake. The whole family was forced to wait five days before they got the new key prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
According to reports, on September 16, local time, when the British family visited a lake in France, her daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car key inside fell into the lake.
But they spent several hours and failed to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help because the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reordered the key from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the prepared key, and the couple left France with their children.
The trip they booked was cancelled due to the loss of the car key.
Saudi Arabia officially releases tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai, 27th) From now on, Saudi Arabia has officially released tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 yuan).
Tourists must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Tourists can apply for a landing visa at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic visa through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is multiple entry a year, allowing tourists to stay up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country because this country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, aimed at reducing the country's long-term dependence on oil, and opening up tourism and developing tourism are its important components.
Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko paid a working visit to Xing'an Province, Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the significant achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries and helps to promote the cooperative relationship between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, said that Xing'an Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian companies investing in the province, and hopes that Belarus will take more effective measures in the future to encourage Belarusian companies to invest in Xing'an and Vietnam, and to assist in the training of workers in the province and the transfer of industrial production technology.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko thanked Xing'an Province for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and business activities recently.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Liashenko and his party attended the completion ceremony of the MAZ ASIA automobile production and installation plant.
Pilot notification commitment system in areas such as production permits for low-risk varieties of food, delegating the handling of representative offices of foreign companies to the free trade zone
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a memorandum of work to introduce 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which are the first pilots in the country.
According to reports, notification of commitment means that when the administrative organ handles the relevant license registration matters, it informs the applicant of the conditions and requirements stipulated by laws and regulations in writing at one time.
After the applicant signs the commitment, the administrative organ may directly handle it.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone to register enterprise names, apply for simple processes, low-risk variety food production permits, and some measurement equipment type approvals. Pilot notification commitment system to make enterprise access more convenient.
Shanghai Shaowansheng Food Co., Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the commitment on the 27th and became the first company to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the company said that the food permit can also be obtained on the spot, and it has also adopted a "tolerance acceptance" method, that is, allowing the company to submit some materials within the time limit specified in the notification commitment, "effectively feeling the convenience of reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production permits is the first nationwide pilot.
After the reform, the approval process was reduced from the previous 6 links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sampling inspection, material review, and approval certification" to the 3 links of "registration, acceptance, and approval certification". The completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to the spot.
Considering the high export-oriented characteristics of Pudong's economy, the Shanghai market supervision department delegates the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, which is convenient for enterprises to handle it nearby.
Statistics show that the decentralization of authority involved a total of 1,592 households in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone Permanent Representative Office, of which 99 households have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"Eleventh" long holiday consumption survey: choose more diversified tourism to occupy the first place.
The National Day holiday is approaching, and people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
A reporter from the Securities Daily recently launched a small survey on the "Eleventh" holiday arrangement in the circle of friends. The nearly 20 feedbacks received show that although everyone's plans are different, "tourism + consumption" has become the key word for the "Eleventh" holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback obtained by the reporter of the Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "During the" Eleventh "period, I plan to take my family to Shanghai to play. Disney is the first stop, and then go to the surrounding cities to go around". Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, my country. "A family of three set off on September 28 and planned to travel around the island for ten days". The destination is Singapore; Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose to travel far away, he said "the daughter is less than two years old, It is not convenient to go far, plan to drive to Shandong by yourself, and play for a few days at the beach."
Tongcheng Yilong and Tongcheng Tourism recently released the "2019 National Day Golden Week Resident Travel and Travel Trend Report", which shows that the consumption upgrade trend of this year's National Day Golden Week travel and travel in the three subareas of travel, residence and travel is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has steadily increased, and the demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by Meituan showed that tourism consumption continued to be strong and showed a diversified upgrade of "eating, living and playing."
More young people travel in favor of high-quality and distinctive experiences, and cultural tourism and night tourism continue to soar.
In addition to tourism, various types of consumer demand are also released intensively during the "Eleventh" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the "Securities Daily" reporter, "The main plan for this year's" Eleventh "is to buy a car."
A staff member of a Beijing auto brand 4S store told a reporter from the Securities Daily that, generally speaking, September and October each year are called the golden period of car sales.
During the "Eleventh" period, the store will launch many activities, such as lottery draws, shop reductions, etc.
In addition, many brands have recently launched new models, and it is expected that the effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrade, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of services such as culture and education continues to increase.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of a child, cultural and educational consumption has become the mainstay of household consumption expenditure.
This year's "Eleventh" line is full, going to the "punch card" planetarium, children's theater, about a few family weekends to go to the Elk Museum to set up tent camping, and also arranged some trial listening experience lessons. "
Some insiders said that in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrade is from survival-oriented consumption to development-oriented consumption and enjoyment-oriented consumption. Among them, a considerable part of enjoyment-oriented consumption is in the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of my country's economy and society and the rising income level of residents, people are paying more and more attention to the spiritual level of consumer demand. Tourism and travel are a good way.
In particular, catching up with the "Eleventh" National Day holiday, the time is more ample, and people are more willing to travel and consume, which can not only meet the spiritual level of consumer demand, but also reflect the consumption upgrade of residents.
I was lonely in the afternoon, and I didn't want to go out. I hadn't adjusted the state of the children's absence.
Keep your spirits up and say to your dog Nana: Mom takes you out.
After carefully writing a few things to do when going out, the personality characteristics of type A blood are getting stronger and stronger, and I feel very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutritional tablets, pay, buy sashimi, nana snacks.
The above is the reason to go out.
On the phone, I just told my sister Ai Jing thanks to Nana, otherwise I wouldn't even have the excuse to buy small snacks.
There was a casual smile over there, saying that the child hung up when he called.
Nana jumped into the assistant's seat in a light car and fell down honestly. She knew she was motion sick, anxious, and unwilling to accompany me.
Husband Boao rarely returned early.
I repeatedly praised the delicious salad of salmon and avocado, and went to the bedroom to watch TV in bed.
A glance at the wall of the wall, just 7 o'clock, the country of sunrise is also early sunset, and the sky is already dark.
The circle of friends is inventing the month, it turns out that today is actually the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends, left half to Boao, and left the rest in the favorite flower bowl, and went out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I eat grapes and she eats skin, and then I spit the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, the clouds are walking, and the moon flickered and flickered, and it was a little dazzling.
All kinds of poems about the moon are surging in my mind, but I only like this sentence clearly: every three or five reunions / full of light protection jade hurdles / round in the sky only to hold out / the world's ten thousand surnames look up.
Maybe we have given too much emotion to the moonlight. For me now, in fact, the sentence of God's return to God, Caesar's return to Caesar is the best.
Moonlight returns to the moonlight, emotions belong to you.
After eating the grapes, this cold moon is chilling.
The Nana regiment had a slight snoring sound at their feet, stood up, and laid Nana's small blanket beside her small house. Nana lay happily on it.
Open the door and shout: Has the bath water burned?
The moon can not be seen from the bathroom window, only the moonlight can be felt, turn off the bathroom lights, and pull open the glass in an uproar.
I didn't eat moon cakes and didn't drink alcohol.
The mascot will be released at Expo 2020 Dubai.
The mascot release ceremony of Expo 2020 Dubai was held on the 26th in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The mascot is composed of 6 cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a UAE national tree shepherd bean tree.
The press conference introduced the 6 mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
9-year-old boy Rashid and 8-year-old girl Latifah are brothers and sisters, representing the UAE people.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of this World Expo. The blue robot represents "liquidity", the green robot represents "sustainability", and the yellow robot represents "opportunity."
An ancient bean tree is named "Salama" and is an "old grandmother" of five "little guys", symbolizing the ancestors who guarded this land.
Ahmed, chairman of the Dubai World Expo Senior Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of storytelling, demonstrate the creativity of local talents, and express our ambitions and expectations."
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation, Director of Dubai Expo Bureau Liam Hashimi and others attended the launch ceremony.
Expo Dubai will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021, with the theme of "Communicating Thoughts and Creating the Future."
This will be the first time that the World Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduates based on college entrance examination results
Recently, the German Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website: Starting in 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for undergraduates in German universities based on college entrance examination results, without the need to register in domestic universities first.
Prior to this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply for German universities need to study one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (general undergraduates) in domestic undergraduates, and pass the APS review or TestAS exam.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will take effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants must meet: complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school graduation certificate; participate in the conference examination and college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750 points, it needs to reach 525 points or more), and it contains two language scores and one math or natural science score.
In addition, specific majors have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, to apply for majors in pharmacy, stomatology, veterinary medicine, pharmacy, etc., the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology, or participate in the scientific synthesis; for law majors, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include foreign languages, history, geography, at least two subjects, or participate in the cultural synthesis.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries including Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking the United Kingdom as an example, universities such as Cambridge University, Birmingham University, and Leicester University all accept Chinese students applying for college entrance examination results.
The military "robot dog" takes the performance class Sun Theatre Company first: consider including the performance lineup.
The US military has invested in the development of "robot dogs" for use on the battlefield, and may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which is developing robots, to discuss the feasibility of using robots for circus performances.
Comprehensive foreign media reports, Boston Dynamics announced on the 24th the "four-legged robot Spot" promotional video, the content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot, can carry 14 kg, has a high degree of adaptability to off-road terrain, 360 degrees obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform specially developed for Spot. Users can set Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston Dynamics first published the concept of a robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at the time, but it has not yet been really put into commercial application.
However, Boston Dynamics pointed out that Spot has entered the mass production stage, and most of the subscribers are construction and energy companies.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conception stage and is evaluating the potential of Spot for use in the performance scene.
The State Council Information Office released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era"
On the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, deputy minister of the Ministry of Central Propaganda and director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper focuses on issues such as "where and where China comes from", "what kind of world China promotes to build", "how developed China gets along with the world", and systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path, development direction, and in-depth elaboration of China's relations with the world to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper pointed out that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China in the past 70 years, earth-shaking changes have taken place in China, creating unprecedented development miracles in human history. Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China's development has achieved historic achievements and historical changes.
Through a large amount of data and facts, the white paper introduces the tremendous achievements, significance and world contributions of China's development in the past 70 years.
The white paper pointed out that China has spent decades to complete the development process that developed countries have traveled for hundreds of years, and its economic aggregate ranks second in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have escaped from material shortages and have generally reached a well-off level, enjoying unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have been self-made, self-reliant, and struggling to work out a new world; for 70 years, China has developed in the connection and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning the world, and contributing to the world; for 70 years, China has realized its self At the same time of development, it has contributed to world peace and injected momentum into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development in the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and have continued unswervingly along this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a path established from the national conditions of the country, a path that puts the interests of the people first, a path of reform and innovation, a path of seeking common development in opening up, and a path of comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China's development path conforms to China's national conditions and adapts to the requirements of the times. It will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
In response to the international community's concerns about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that achieving national prosperity, national revitalization, and people's happiness are both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and source of power for world economic growth. Opening to the outside world in an all-round way creates more opportunities for the development of various countries, China provides more public goods for the international community, and China provides experience and lessons for other developing countries. China will never take the road of "national power must be hegemony."
Faced with the age of "what's wrong with the world and what should humans do", the white paper points out that the world today is undergoing major changes that have not been seen in a century, and human society is both full of hope and full of challenges.
China proposes to build a community of shared future for mankind, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation and shared construction, which provides new options for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite, build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain an international system with the United Nations at its core, promote civilization exchanges and mutual learning, and jointly promote the construction of a community of shared future for mankind and a better world.
With China's growing development, the international community generally pays attention to how the developed China gets along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development can not be separated from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability can not be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, adhered to win-win cooperation and common development, insisted on maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developed global partnerships, firmly supported multilateralism, maintained international fairness and justice, and promoted the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" high-quality development, actively participated in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of the international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era of China, the determination to take the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, the determination to learn from each other and win-win cooperation with other countries, and the determination to walk hand in hand with the world will not change.
The white paper concludes that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely connected as they are now.
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" is composed of a preface, text and conclusion. The full text is more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in 8 languages including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic, and Japanese. It is published by People's Publishing House and Foreign Language Publishing House, and is distributed in Xinhua Bookstores across the country.
Has MCA entered the Johor Tanjung Biai National Assembly by-election?
MCA President Datuk Seri Wei Jiaxiang: "Deliver to the BN Supreme Council for discussion!"
The Tanjung Biai National By-election is imminent, and whether MCA of the BN member party will enter the traditional national seat attracts attention.
However, after the MCA Central Committee held a meeting, it was announced that it would be handed over to the BN Supreme Council to decide whether this MCA traditional seat would continue to be handed over to MCA or to be replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the MCA Central Committee meeting on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election will be conducted in accordance with standard operating procedures (SOPs), that is, it will only be finalized after a meeting of the BN Supreme Council.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet next Monday (1st) to finalize the Tanjung Biai National By-election, the BN Supreme Council meeting is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday (26th) morning, I also met with BN Chairman Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahi. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Hope Alliance."
"We have finalized the convening of a special BN leader meeting in early October, and the leaders of the three BN parties will determine which member party will enter the battle."
Asked whether MCA would insist on the traditional seat of the BN Supreme Council, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the MCA president, he must act in accordance with standard operating procedures, so any decision must achieve BN consensus.
"In any by-election, some people are willing to go out, and there are political parties and some parties think they should come out. This is a common thing."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance are we from?"
"This is a big test for us to form a political alliance for many years. We believe that BN has come all the way and upholds some valuable values."
"In the process, some people may say something, that's not surprising."
"However, once the BN Supreme Council makes a decision, everyone must prepare for the battle, that is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that MCA will go all out to prepare for the upcoming Tanjung Biai National By-election at three levels, namely the district meeting, the State Joint Committee and the Central Committee.
"The conference will be led by Datuk Seri Huang Risheng, chairman of the (Tanjung Biai) conference; the State Joint Committee will be led by Datuk Lin Peixing, acting chairman of the Johor Joint Committee; and the Central Committee will be the acting president Datuk Ma Hanshun and General Secretary Datuk Zhang Shengwen personally deployed."
Last Saturday (21st), Indigenous Solidarity Party Tanjung Biai MP Datuk Mohammad Farri died of heart problems at the Pontian Government Hospital at the age of 42.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei, was ordered to "voluntarily patrol the mountains" for hunting wild animals
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei, was sentenced for hunting wild animals, and was ordered to compensate 15420 yuan (RMB, the same below) for the repair of ecological resources and environmental damage.
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organ enabled alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs, and achieved an organic unification of legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy inspector general of Baokang County Procuratorate, introduced on the 27th that through three months of "voluntary mountain patrol" and other alternative labor, the defendant Zhou had established a deep relationship with the wild macaque and was deeply blamed for the previous animal hunting behavior.
On June 21 this year, the Baokang County Procuratorate filed a criminal incidental civil public welfare lawsuit in the field of ecological resources, which was publicly heard in the county court and pronounced in court.
The defendant Zhou was sentenced to 3 years in prison, 4 years of probation, and a fine of 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15420 yuan for the repair of ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid at the cliff in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals successively, including impala, small deer, and tufted deer.
The impala is a national second-level endangered wild animal, and the small deer and tufted deer are listed in the "National Land Wildlife Conservation List."
During the court trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation in Zhou's home, under the coordination of Baokang County Procuratorate, the local village committee, forest station, and Zhou Mou reached an alternative labor compensation ecological restoration fee agreement: that Zhou Mou through the village macaque protection area Macaque domestication and management work, voluntary mountain patrol, forest protection for one year, provide public welfare services to offset the cost of ecological restoration.
Regarding the prosecutor's proposal, the court acknowledged that while agreeing to Zhou's probation, he actively fulfilled the obligation of "alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs."
At present, Zhou has been working in the macaque reserve for 3 months, patrolling the mountains actively and performing well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically used supervision methods such as procuratorial advice, investigation supervision, and litigation supervision, and used judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
UN awards "Earth Guardian Award" to "Ant Forest"
In the warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, the project leader of "Ant Forest", and user representative Shen Junliang walked onto the podium and took over the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Earth Guardian Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Earth Guardian Award" award ceremony was held on the 26th in New York, USA. The "Ant Forest" project that used mobile phone small programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the list of winners at its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, but the people who participated in the award ceremony that day were still unable to hide their excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Program, Inge An Nuosheng, said, "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation that allows hundreds of millions of people to act to understand the environmental challenges facing humanity and what humans can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment so that every individual can participate in actions to protect the earth, which will have a huge impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (Ant Financial Services for short) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users record low-carbon actions such as green travel in their daily lives and online payment of water and electricity bills in the "Ant Forest" to accumulate "green energy" and "plant trees" in mobile phones.
Every time a user develops a virtual tree, "Ant Forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in a desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users had accumulatively reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Earth Guardian Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to receive the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene, "It can inspire so many people to participate in green actions, which is impressive."
Jing Xiandong, chairman and CEO of Ant Financial, said that the "Earth Guardian Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in a low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that the "ant forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years, and the goal of the "ant forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people worldwide to participate in low-carbon actions.
While preventing desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come from green mountains and water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities through tree planting, it also hopes to help farmers achieve income growth through agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare and environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used by other countries for reference.
In June this year, the Philippines' largest "e-wallet" GCash launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest" to encourage Filipino users to better protect the environment through low-carbon living.
According to reports, GCash will work with the Philippine Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental public welfare organizations to plan to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the project's launch.
The "Earth Guardian Award" is the highest award in the field of environmental protection of the United Nations and is awarded once a year.
"Ant Forest" won the award, which is the third consecutive year that a green innovation project from China won the "Incentive and Action Award" award after the builder of the Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Thousand Village Demonstration and Ten Thousand Village Renovation" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the US economic "transcript."
The US economic "transcript" in the second quarter of this year showed that due to the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports, the growth rate of the US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed down significantly from the previous quarter.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty it brought were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th shows that the US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, which is the same as the previously revised data, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data shows that consumption growth has become the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the total US economy, increased 4.6% quarter-on-quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumer spending and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter from the previous quarter, dragging the economic growth by 1.16 percentage points in the quarter; exports fell by 5.7% from the previous quarter, and net exports dragged the economic growth by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of the US-based Ironside Macroeconomic Consulting Company, said that not only did private sector investment fail to maintain the momentum of last year's growth, but there was a significant decline, because economic and trade frictions and rising uncertainty hit corporate confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditures are expected to remain in a downward trend next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has formed a strong support for the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade frictions and the uncertainty they bring have affected consumer confidence and adversely affected the US consumer outlook.
Richard Curtin, the head of the survey and a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, said recently that in a recent survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, which is a new high in a year and a half.
Regarding the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade frictions are alleviated, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial markets will improve.
British economist think tank global economist Karin Burch predicts that in the future, the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend this year, and the growth rate will drop to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, predicts that, assuming that economic and trade frictions will not continue to escalate, the US economic growth rate this year will be 2.3%, and it will further slow down to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Hatzen, investment manager of Putnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced, and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than it is now.
Matt Melley, a stock strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management, said that economic and trade friction is still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the large fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether the economic and trade friction can be properly resolved will affect this year. The key to the direction of US capital markets in the remaining time.
Ningxia's first couples' joint parental leave for parents of children aged 0 to 3 can take 10 days a year
Safeguarding women's legitimate rights and interests is a manifestation of respect and protection of human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th NPC of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region Women's Rights and Interests Protection Regulations" was passed by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated by Ningxia at the provincial level to comprehensively safeguard women's legal rights and interests, and will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the "Regulations" adopted this time were revised on the basis of the "Ningxia Measures for the Implementation of the" Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests "in 2007, divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general rules, political rights, cultural education Rights and interests, labor and social security rights, property rights, personal rights, marriage and family rights, legal responsibilities, supplementary provisions.
In the "Regulations", Ningxia encourages the exploration and implementation of joint parental leave, which is the first in the country.
In April this year, the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Young Children under 3 Years Old" promulgated by the General Office of the State Council has relevant descriptions for couples to raise children together.
In the process of revising the "Regulations", Ningxia innovatively proposed "to encourage employers to give couples who have children in compliance with laws and regulations to give them ten days of joint parental leave each year from the time their children are zero to three years old."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight anti-sexual harassment and protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in China's current Civil Code Personality Rights Code, and details the elements of sexual harassment, the main body and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment, etc.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits frequent sexual assaults against girls, and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, which has become a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
Regarding women's right to know and dispose of common property in marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, and provides solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, in response to social hot issues-sex discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and absorbs the latest practical experience of joint interviews to enhance the punishment of sex discrimination violations and more effectively safeguard women's legitimate rights and interests.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation Joint Public Prosecution Law Department, Civil Affairs and other departments have promoted and introduced social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence, and the results have been very significant.
The "Regulations" summarizes and improves this. Several laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional guarantees and support through the purchase of services.
Inner Mongolia Xing'an League Academician Yuan Longping's Workstation Tolerant Salt-Alkali Rice Rice Harvest Rice Breaks Thousand jin
The reporter learned from the Xing'an League Administrative Office of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region on the 27th that good news was received from the "Congress on the Field Test and Acceptance of Salt-Alkali Tolerant Rice of the Academician Workstation of Yuan Longping of Xing'an League" held recently by Mengli. The average yield per mu of salt-tolerant rice exceeded 1,000 jin.
A production measurement expert group composed of 6 experts from Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University, and Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs sampled and harvested the "Xingyan Series" rice on site.
After expert evaluation, on land with a pH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 to 6, the average yield of salt-tolerant rice reached 508.8 kg.
Wang Shigang, Executive Director of Academician Yuan Longping's Workstation in Xing'an League, said: "Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, and cultivate and optimize salt-tolerant rice varieties again to improve quality and yield."
Lai Yongcai, leader of the expert group on production testing and vice president and researcher of the Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said: "Under the premise of unchanged production factors, I think that by continuously strengthening scientific and technological research, saline-alkali-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline-alkali land."
Xing'an League belongs to a contiguous and extremely difficult area in the southern foothills of Daxing'an Mountains.
In October 2018, Academician Yuan Longping's workstation was unveiled in Xing'an League.
Academician Yuan Longping led a team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated "saline-alkali-tolerant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, build a 960-mu saline-alkali-tolerant rice base in Horqin Youyizhongqi, and use the technology route of side-by-side demonstration and promotion to promote the local poor population to increase production and income, get rid of poverty and become rich.
The on-site production of saline-alkali-tolerant rice not only injects hope into the promotion of saline-alkali low- and medium-yield fields in Xing'an League, but also provides a scientific basis for rice cultivation in saline-alkali land under the same conditions in my country.
According to the Australian website, after a marathon debate and several weeks of protests, on September 26 local time, Australia's NSW passed the Abortion Legalization Act.
It is reported that the bill has triggered political debate in the past 8 weeks. Since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
According to reports, after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the ANZ Senate passed the Abortion Legalization Act by 26 votes to 14 on the evening of the 25th, making it the third longest bill to be considered by the NSW Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after a final vote in the NSW House of Representatives, NSW abortion was legalized.
The bill allows women to terminate their pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy, and if two doctors agree, it also allows women to have an abortion later in pregnancy.
On the evening of the 25th, the Senate passed an amendment that doctors can seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the Hospital Advisory Committee before performing abortions for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also includes that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive termination of pregnancy.
Earlier, NSW Governor Berry Ji Kelian had faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berry Ji Kelian had intervened many times to gain more time for debate on the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berry Ji Kelian defended his absentee vote: "I need to spend time managing the entire NSW."
It is reported that the Australian Liberal MP Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He once threatened to withdraw from the NSW government because of the bill, saying that the bill caused a "government crisis."
But then, Davis made a concession.
Davis said: "The content of the amendment to the Abortion Legalization Act submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors."
At the same time, Australia's NSW National Party leader Barilaro said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for NSW. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a criminal act, and it does not treat aborted women as criminals."
Major projects of Sany Group settled in Zhuzhou.
A total investment of 15 billion yuan will focus on the development of intelligent petroleum equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and Sany Group held a project signing ceremony.
Sany Group invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart steel industry, petroleum intelligent equipment and regional RD center (headquarters base), construction machinery used car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. It is expected that the annual comprehensive output value will exceed 200 billion yuan.
The Sany Smart Steel Industry Project with a total investment of 10 billion yuan will be located in Hotan District, which will focus on becoming the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even the central region, and is also the Sany Group's intelligent manufacturing and processing center for metal structural parts; a total investment of 5 billion yuan in petroleum intelligent equipment and regional RD center (headquarters base) projects will focus on the construction of petroleum intelligent equipment production bases and the establishment of regional RD centers and headquarters bases.
At the same time, Sany Group will also build a second-hand construction machinery market in Zhuzhou High-tech Zone Auto Expo Park and carry out pragmatic cooperation in areas such as intelligent manufacturing.
Zhuzhou attaches great importance to cooperation with Sany Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 Project" for the city's investment attraction this year. The municipal party secretary Mao Tengfei and the mayor Yang Weiguo led the establishment of a special coordination group to efficiently connect and advance high, and provide high quality and efficiency for the development of Sany Group in Zhuzhou. Service, from intention to contact to formally sign a cooperation agreement, less than 100 days before and after.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned assets to enrich the social security fund.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun said on the 27th that as of now, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the deployment meeting of the national transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly held by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, and the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission on the same day.
"Transferring part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic old-age insurance system. It is a full manifestation of the development achievements of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system. It is a current and long-term perspective. Policy measures."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for Transferring Part of the State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", which requires the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out pilots.
According to Liu Kun, the preliminary work of the transfer has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been transferred, with a total transfer of state-owned capital of about 860.1 billion yuan.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions where the Ministry of Finance fulfills the responsibilities of investors has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises already has a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of enterprise transfer has been carried out one after another.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces was basically completed, transferring state-owned capital of 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out preliminary preparations for the transfer, which laid the foundation for the next step of the transfer.
According to the notice issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission recently, the transfer of part of the state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on that day made specific arrangements for the comprehensive launch of the transfer work.
The meeting emphasized that the transfer should be done pragmatically and efficiently.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
Working hours are tight and tasks are heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and carefully arrange to ensure that the transfer work is completed as required; solidly advance the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination, and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state-owned assets to enrich the social security fund-starting from the starting point of "enriching the social security fund money bag", the destination is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement" of equity, but a "mathematical addition."
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, and the China Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Promotion of the Transfer of Part of State-owned Capital to Enrich the Social Security Fund", which clarifies the timetable for the transfer of state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019.
After the document was published, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred 10% of the shares held by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Agricultural Bank of China to the Social Security Fund, and the total value of the two equity transfers exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to regulations, the undertaking entities such as the Social Security Foundation, as financial investors, enjoy the right to income, disposal and information that are classified as state-owned equity.
ICBC and ABC said in the announcement that this change in equity will not cause changes to the bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that a similar transfer of state-owned enterprises' equity is not a simple change in equity ownership, but an "addition operation" that can inspire a series of effects.
The first step in the transfer of some state-owned assets to social security, the "addition result", naturally reflects the ownership of state-owned enterprises and the sharing of development achievements by all.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in my country's economy, and their overall profitability is relatively strong and stable.
Among them, leading enterprises continue to achieve better, bigger and stronger.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately stated that it will work with relevant departments to fully promote the transfer of part of the state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund in accordance with the deployment of the State Council Executive Meeting, fully embodying the intergenerational equity of the basic old-age insurance system and the development achievements of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to enhance the sustainability of my country's social security fund and further consolidate the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, my country's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the state-owned assets that have been transferred this time have the ability to continue to make profits and pay dividends. They can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of water for the social security fund.
Some estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the contribution rate of basic old-age insurance for enterprises can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of the transfer, the "addition result", is to add a stabilizer to the capital market.
The method of transferring the main body of the undertaking to obtain the income is "dividend-based, operation supplemented."
As a financial investor in state-owned capital, the Social Security Fund does earn equity dividends.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, social security funds have strong capital operation capabilities.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of social security funds in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed companies, which will help improve the level of corporate operations and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as an investment vane, the increase in the shareholding weight of social security funds is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and playing a role as a "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to give full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors, and guide investors to rational investment and value investment.
Karl Hartmann (Karl Hartmann) was admitted to the Leipzig Academy of Music at the age of 18, and later studied under Webern.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartmann first resisted in the form of works not published in Germany, and later even stopped writing.
In 1933, he created the symphony Miserae and dedicated this work to "my friends who sleep forever."
In 1935, this symphony was premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman decided not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto is a violin and string concerto. At that time, the manuscript of this music was stolen out of Germany and held its premiere in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
U.S. Senate approves Scalia as secretary of labor
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (Reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The US Senate voted on the 26th to pass President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Secretary of Labor.
The voting result was 53 votes in favor and 44 votes against, and no Democrats voted for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's curriculum vitae makes him very suitable as a minister of labor.
But in the eyes of Democrats, Scalia has long stood the opposite of workers and unions in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will succeed Alexander Acosta.
After being accused of "leniency" against American billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who was suspected of sexual assault and trafficking in girls, Acosta, then the secretary of labor, announced his resignation in July this year under the pressure of huge public opinion.
Scalia is 56 years old and is a partner in a well-known US law firm. His father is the late US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Department of Labor is the cabinet-level department of the US federal government and is responsible for labor-related matters.
The White House also issued a statement that day, Trump has nominated Peter Genna, acting director of the Federal Emergency Measures Agency, to formally lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Genna's nomination must also be approved by the Senate of Congress.
The Federal Emergency Measures Agency is part of the US Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with emergencies and follow-up matters such as natural disasters and terrorist attacks that occur in the United States.
Since the debut of the military parade on the 35th anniversary of National Day, every time a large military parade is organized, there will be a "Big Mac" phalanx of strategic missile forces.
"This National Day parade was the first time the Rocket Army appeared on Chang'an Street after changing from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the command team of the Rocket Army Equipment Team, said.
The guided missile unit fully carried forward the spirit of being able to endure hardships, fighting, and dedication. It was strict in careful training and scientific organization training. The military parade training reflected three major characteristics throughout, demonstrated a good image of strategic services, and paid more attention to strict style.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers are strictly required by standards to forge a strong style that is strictly enforced and prohibited.
They also pay attention to carrying forward the craftsmanship spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance, and style, and formed the characteristics of "military posture, fast movement, and bright answers", and constantly used strict style to create a powerful array of missiles, paying more attention to technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic service, the Rocket Army is an excellent tradition and advantage in talking about technology and focusing on innovation.
On this military parade training, based on drawing on previous experience, they broke the stereotypes, broke the traditional method, and used advanced methods such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging, and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefits, and ensure the integration of people and vehicles. It's not too bad, the team's actions are not minute or second, and it is more in line with the actual combat standards.
The Rocket Army review troops adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold each gate and focus on every detail, let the review troops undergo hardening and tempering, and truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination ground for enhancing the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran is confirmed to develop advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iranian nuclear agreement
China News Service, September 27th, according to the "Central News Agency", the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to manufacture enriched uranium has once again violated the Iranian nuclear agreement.
According to reports, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iranian nuclear agreement in response to US President Trump withdrawing from the Iranian nuclear agreement in May 2018, resuming and strengthening sanctions against Iran.
Iran has suspended two other commitments in July to maintain the enriched uranium stock below 300 kg, and the purity of enriched uranium does not exceed 3.67%. Now there are further moves.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only install about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, possibly for use in the manufacture of nuclear bombs.
According to reports, the International Atomic Energy Agency report stated: "On September 25, the agency confirmed that Iran has developed advanced centrifuges of type 2 and type 3... accumulating or preparing to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency submitted this report to Member States on the 26th, and a diplomat responded: "They are busy at the (Natanz enriched uranium) facility."
The Vietnam-Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, chairman of the Vietnam-Korea Investors and Entrepreneurs Association, said that VKBIA will work together to strengthen the relationship between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to 100 billion US dollars in 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step in achieving the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese party, government and relevant functional agencies in South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Chen Changshui, deputy ambassador of Vietnam to South Korea, said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas, aiming to expand investment and cooperation space and help each other to make Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economic cause more effective Contributed to the vigorous development of Vietnam-South Korea trade relations.
At the unveiling ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincides with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea, and the two countries are strengthening pragmatic cooperative relations in the fields of diplomacy, defense, and security to promote trade and investment cooperation, aiming to achieve a two-way trade volume of 100 billion US dollars in 2020. Born in the context of the goal of 100 billion US dollars.
The Italian Minister of Education proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education of the Cabinet of Ministers of the new Italian government and member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to Parliament to recommend that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and air tickets with high sugar content.
According to reports, according to the bill motion proposed by the Minister of Education Fiolamonti, the Italian government will impose a snack tax on health food products such as sugary drinks and snacks; at the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on air tickets and domestic flights 1 euro, the international class charges 1.5 euros.
Fiolamonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in taxes.
The tax proceeds will be used for education, health and environmental protection.
In this regard, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he thinks this is a feasible plan; Italian parliamentarians, European parliamentarians, and Union Party leader Salvini tweeted ironically, please everyone quickly hide desserts, cookies, bread and candy, because the new government will start to collect snack tax.
The report pointed out that the snack tax generally refers to a special tax imposed on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of this tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
China News Network, Ottawa, September 26 (Reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada Cong Peiwu held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that since the founding of New China 70 years ago, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the people across the country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has achieved world-renowned achievements, which not only profoundly changed the face of China, but also benefited the country. The people also have far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to modernize, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch the 70th anniversary theme photo exhibition of New China held simultaneously in the venue.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations centered on the five principles of peaceful coexistence. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a defender of the international order.
China's development provides new opportunities for the development of countries around the world, including Canada, and benefits the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu emphasized that the development of China-Canada relations in the past 50 years shows that only by upholding the principles of equality and mutual respect can relations between the two countries develop along the right track.
On the contrary, relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
China-Canada relations are currently experiencing serious difficulties, and the responsibility lies not with China.
"The trouble should end it."
It is hoped that Canada will come up with a solution to the prominent problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible to create conditions for the relations between the two countries to return to the right track.
More than 700 Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, envoys in Canada, and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students attended the reception.
Diplomats from the Chinese Embassy in Canada, such as Chen Mingjian and Counselor Heng Xiaojun, attended the reception.
At the reception, a theme photo exhibition on the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and diplomats from the embassy performed unique cultural and artistic programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, has appeared in a public event after taking office.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and delivered a copy of the credentials to Wheeler, Chief Protocol Officer of Canada and Protocol Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was permanently resident at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Prior to this mission to Canada, he served as Director of the North American Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He had previously served as Minister Counselor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom.
Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand cooperation with Laos
Mr. Ruan Dezhong reviewed the activities of mutual visits by delegations of both sides with practical significance and affirmed that these activities will help to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries that President Ho Chi Minh and President Kaishan Fengweihan are expecting.
Mr. Ruan Dezhong hoped that Ambassador Tongsavan would continue to play a role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongsavan said that Laos has learned and learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences and is impressed by the breakthrough developments that Hanoi and even Vietnam have achieved in recent years.
Ambassador Tongsavan expressed gratitude to the Hanoi municipal government for its strong support and assistance for the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the fluctuations in the global situation, Vietnam-Laos relations will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Ruan Dezhong will lead a working delegation from Hanoi to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various colleges and universities in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission in ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Guests such as Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Space Planning Sophie, and ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu attended the reception.
More than 1,000 people including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of various countries in Indonesia, missions in ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of Chinese and overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and international students, and winners of children's paintings with the theme of "Me and China" attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilian warmly welcomed the guests.
Xiao Qian, speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission in ASEAN, said that the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era in Chinese history.
China has progressed from closure and backwardness to openness and progress, from lack of food and clothing to comprehensive well-off, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and prosperity, and the Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up, becoming rich and becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress, political mutual trust between the two countries has been continuously strengthened, pragmatic cooperation has continued to advance, and exchanges in various fields have been comprehensively expanded. China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has been stable and far-reaching.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded and upgraded, and have always adhered to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and effectively promoted regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and changes of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have pioneered and developed the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the destiny of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes a major contribution to the peaceful development of the world and the region. It is a road of a strong country that can pass, go right, and go well.
The picture shows "Thematic Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" to attract guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China, Indonesia and ASEAN will always go hand in hand with each other to jointly promote the construction of a new type of international relations and a community of shared future for mankind, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched a wonderful video reviewing the glorious achievements of New China for 70 years and reflecting the relations between China, Indonesia and China-ASEAN.
The video, divided into "China's brilliant development achievements", "China-Indonesia relations are stable and far-reaching", and "China-ASEAN relations are upgraded and upgraded", won warm applause from the audience.
At the reception, a "Thematic Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was also arranged to attract guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first batch of self-driving taxi teams start trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of the self-driving taxi team Robotaxi has officially started.
The first batch of 45 Apollo and FAW Red Flag jointly developed the "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi fleet in the Changsha part of the open test section to start trial operation.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log in to Apollo's official website to apply to become a seed user, and have the opportunity to try the ride experience.
An experienced passenger said that he sat in the back row of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger's seat, and started the vehicle's autonomous driving journey with one click.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driving seat to maximize the safety of passengers.
During the driving process, the vehicle can intelligently change lanes according to the road conditions, and can also judge the driving conditions of surrounding vehicles, and automatically evade situations such as overtaking at close range.
Throughout the experience, the passenger area screen displays pedestrians, cars, and even some traditional blind area road conditions in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see information such as changes in traffic lights and waiting time in advance. All vehicle conditions and road conditions are clear at a glance.
Unmanned driving has heard on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today it feels amazing to find it in our lives.
We look forward to it going into the lives of ordinary people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licenses issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, Changsha's autonomous driving test is open to roads, passing through Changsha's artificial intelligence technology city, Meixi Lake, Yanghu Lake, Dawangshan, high-tech zone and other areas, with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently China's longest road mileage and largest area, covering the most complex scenes and the most advanced intelligent driving demonstration area of road collaborative infrastructure.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the Apollo Robotaxi fleet's trial operation roads in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers, and plans to cover the 135 kilometers of roads currently open in Changsha in the first half of 2020.
Women's volleyball team wins Lang Ping still dissatisfied: it will be difficult to make so many mistakes in the strong team
On the afternoon of the 27th, Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth game of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the powerful Dutch women's volleyball team. Finally, the Chinese women's volleyball team defeated the Dutch women's volleyball team 3-1 and ushered in the women's volleyball World Cup nine-game winning streak.
But after the game, women's volleyball coach Lang Ping still expressed dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third game.
"In the third game, the opponent strengthened the offensiveness of serving. Some of us (one pass) were not in place and could not get the ball. We made a lot of mistakes."
"It's hard to make so many mistakes against the strong team."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the game.
"We told the team members to be focused, the attack was not in place, we have to adjust the attack, and we have to fight the defense with the other party."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the offense and was more anxious. She wanted to kill the ball too much and her movements would be deformed.
Hope she is patient, "We all protect her."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
(70 years of New China) White paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge.
The white paper says that as China's overall national strength and international influence increase rapidly, some people in the world worry that China will follow the path of "national power must be hegemony", and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory."
This has both cognitive misunderstandings, deep-rooted prejudices, psychological imbalances caused by the decline of power, and deliberate distortions to safeguard one's vested interests.
Achieving national prosperity, national revitalization, and people's happiness are both the dream of the Chinese people and the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat and a challenge."
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's technological innovation injects new kinetic energy into world economic growth. In the future, the role of China's economic stabilizer and power source will become more prominent.
The current world economic growth momentum is insufficient, and a stable Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from high-speed growth to high-quality development. New industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization are accelerating, the economic structure is deeply adjusted, industrial optimization continues to upgrade, and new economic growth points continue to emerge.
"The McKinsey Global Institute's research report believes that by 2040, the integration of China and the rest of the world's economies is expected to create an economic value of 22 trillion to 37 trillion US dollars, equivalent to 15% -26% of the total global economy. Strengthening cooperation between other economies and China will create huge economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that the Chinese economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, which has a more stable economic operation, higher growth quality, and promising growth prospects, is a long-term good for the development of the world economy.
Seeing China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge", trying to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain, and value chain, and "decoupling" China from the world economy is neither feasible nor harmful.
The white paper points out that opening up to the outside world in an all-round way creates more opportunities for countries to share the "China Dividend."
China is unswervingly pursuing a mutually beneficial and win-win opening strategy to achieve greater intensity and a higher level of opening to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world. China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale benefits more countries.
"Opening should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and one-sided.
Mutual benefit and two-way can last long-term. "
The white paper says that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, relaxing market access, improving the business environment, and strengthening intellectual property protection. Other countries should also expand their opening up and take corresponding measures to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties act in the same direction can we create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, and jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods for the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality joint construction of the "Belt and Road", building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development has benefited from the international community, and it has never forgotten to give back to the international family and provide more and better public products for the international community."
In a recent exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency, Andrei Slipniov, General Manager of the Russian Export Center, said that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation in the economic and trade field with China, further optimize the export structure, and promote the diversification of Russian exports to China.
Slipniov pointed out that in Russia's exports to China, the forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a considerable proportion. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including oil products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown good and stable development.
Speaking of Russia's optimization of its export structure to China, Slipniov said that Russia has set a task to expand the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from countries and regions around the world, including China.
The Russian side will next improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slipniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China, and develop cooperation with China in the fields of pharmaceuticals and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He emphasized that Russia's products in many fields are "superior in quality and competitive in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Talking about the goal of the two countries to achieve a bilateral trade volume of 200 billion US dollars by 2024, Slipniov said that agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deep-processed products.
He emphasized that Russia intends to promote its exporters to enter the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas, and chemicals are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises, "establish more Russian-Chinese joint ventures, and jointly develop exports to third countries."
Slipniov said that the Russian Export Center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote Russian goods to enter the Chinese market more conveniently, and develop new types of export products to China.
Financial institutions that use RMB to pay globally have grown significantly.
The latest "RMB Tracking Special Issue" released by the Global Banking Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) in London on the 26th shows that from July 2017 to July 2019, the global financial institutions that use RMB to pay have an increasing trend.
At the Global Banking Financial Telecommunications Association (SWIFT) 2019 annual meeting in London, the agency released a "Special Issue on RMB Tracking" called "Insight of the RMB from the London Perspective". From July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using RMB to pay globally increased by 11.31%, and the number increased from 1989 to 2214.
Among them, Africa and the Middle East have the largest increase in the number of financial institutions that use RMB to pay, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of up to 20.98%.
According to the report, as of August 2019, the renminbi's share of global payment currencies was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
According to report data, in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
According to the report, London ranks first in global foreign exchange transactions.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the United States was 12.93%, and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough": secretly damaging its personality
In response to Taiwanese personnel entering the United Nations Headquarters to participate in religious issues-related meetings a few days ago, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at a regular press conference on the 27th that such small actions were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked a question. According to Taiwan media reports, personnel from the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in meetings related to religious issues held in the United States, and called it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned is a side meeting held by the United States on the grounds of the United Nations, not a United Nations meeting at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwanese personnel sneaked into the United Nations and defaced their personality. They also rendered that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough". Such small actions were disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations has reiterated many times that it adheres to the handling of the Taiwan issue in accordance with UN General Assembly Resolution 2758, and the majority of UN Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot accelerates the upgrading of dairy industry structure-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, September 27th (Reporter An Lumeng) A reporter learned from the Hohhot Municipal Government of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that Hohhot City has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, and Yili and Mengniu are among the top ten dairy companies in the world. Accelerate the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, and make every effort to create an "upgraded version of China."
Dairy industry is a traditional advantageous industry in Hohhot City. Relying on unique resource endowment, industrial foundation and policy support, the scale of dairy industry in Hohhot City has expanded rapidly and the rate of large-scale breeding has been continuously improved.
In 2018, the city's large-scale dairy farming rate reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrialization chain, and the total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further expand and strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot City has issued "Several Opinions on Building the" China Dairy Capital Upgrade Edition "and" Three-Year Action Plan to Promote the Upgrade of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020), "focusing on the first achievement of the goal of dairy manufacturing 4.0, it has implemented the construction of a high-quality dairy source base, the linkage of interests of agricultural enterprises, the cultivation of 100 billion-level leading enterprises, the cultivation of small and medium-sized enterprises, the cultivation of special SME cluster cultivation and the dairy industry innovation" five major upgrade "plan.
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local government will accelerate the implementation of the two major investment projects of Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industry Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
The central parity of the Vietnamese dong to the US dollar was raised by 5 Vietnamese dong on September 27
In the case of exchange rate fluctuations of +/-3%, today the upper limit of the exchange rate of the US dollar against the Vietnamese dong is 23,854 Vietnamese dong and the lower limit is 22,465 Vietnamese dong.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were VND 3211 and VND 3295, respectively, down by VND 1 from the previous trading day.
Techcombank of Vietnam set the US dollar purchase price and selling price at VND 23131 and VND 23271, respectively, down by VND 2 from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB purchase price and selling price were VND 3193 and VND 3326, respectively, down by VND 1 and VND 2 respectively from the previous trading day.
"China Good Stories" database is online to show the world a true and comprehensive China
The innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the purpose of "telling Chinese stories well and spreading Chinese voices"-the "China Good Stories" database is officially launched today to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Stories" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and undertaken by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene of the "Beauty and Beauty-"China Good Stories" Database Launch Conference "filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the innovative and basic platform for outreach work with the purpose of "telling Chinese stories well and spreading Chinese voices"-the "China Good Stories" database was officially launched to show the world a true, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Opening the "China Good Stories" database, a distant picture of ink swimming fish slowly unfolds, opening up a treasure trove of Chinese stories that transcend time and space and last forever for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of "faithfully reporting the country" and "fooling the mountains", to the new era stories of "I will be without me" and "not forgetting the original intention". Thousands of Chinese good stories have become a vivid carrier of "Chinese spirit", "Chinese wisdom", and "Chinese power."
The story library brings together "1 + 4" five major theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first interpreter of Chinese stories". The "learning" section is based on the story of Xi Jinping, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story of Xi Jinping's dictionary, and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping. It provides a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn the art of Xi Jinping's storytelling and the truth of governing the country. The four story categories of "governance", struggle to realize the dream, "and win-win-win-win" and the Communist Party of China
The reporter learned from the "Beauty and Beauty-"China Good Stories" Database Launch Conference "held in Beijing today that the" China Good Stories "database has opened Chinese and English websites and mobile clients.
The website is comprehensive in content, rich in functions, stylish in design, and full media shows wonderful stories.
The mobile client highlights the artificial intelligence voice function, adapts to the mobile communication trend, and provides users with a "China Good Story" player they carry with them.
In order to facilitate the use of queries, the database gives full play to the advantages of China Search's intelligent search technology, and provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search, and tag search. It is convenient, fast, easy to check and easy to use.
The "China Good Stories" database has also specially built a content open platform, and has opened a "story number" for the first batch of more than ten resident units such as the SASAC.
Demonstration shouts the president's resignation, Egyptian mountains and rain are coming, the authorities show strong suppression
Twitter hashtags and social media are vigorously advocating that the Egyptian people take to the streets today and peacefully appeal to President Sisi to step down.
But the authorities have indicated that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since the then military chief Sisi launched a military coup in 2013 to seize power, such objections have almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be even more dangerous.
The British "Guardian" reported that Cairo's non-governmental organization, the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, pointed out that more than 1,900 people have been arrested since protests demanding Sisi's resignation broke out last weekend.
Corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family squandering public money in pursuit of vanity have led thousands of people to take to the streets to demonstrate on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior stated firmly yesterday that it will resolutely confront any attempt to destabilize the country and will not be soft-hearted.
The center of Cairo is already heavily guarded. In 2011, riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes police were everywhere on the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the Egyptian revolution.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained several important scholars and social virtues on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th: "Continuing to let Sisi's absolute rule will cause disaster, I have no doubt about this."
"It is in Egypt's interest for him to step down immediately."
Before Nafa was arrested, Hosni, who served as a spokesman for the former Egyptian military chief of staff An Nan, was detained.
An Nan was arrested after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency last year.
Constitution Party Chairman Davud was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at the moment when the economic difficulties of the poor and the middle class are intensifying, the practice of sweeping dissidents reflects the instability and fragility of the government.
Ayman Nour, the leader of the opposition and once competing for the presidency, said: "The catching action highlights the regime's indifference to the Egyptian people and how fearful it is."
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, coupled with widespread political oppression, Sisi tried to send a clear message to important generals and politicians who might replace him."
Noel pointed out that under the premise that the social and economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-pressure approach will only increase the anger of the people.
Now that the barrier of fear has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently in exile in Spain, was an Egyptian military construction contractor. He began uploading a series of videos at the beginning of the month, admitting to benefiting from government corruption and detonating a small-scale demonstration in different cities last weekend.
Ali said that his company's general contracting of Amrak does not have to go through a statutory bidding process to obtain a lucrative contract, emphasizing that the military and Sisi's relatives, including the first lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, are corrupt.
He deeply regretted that he had participated in it.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sisi Gai were in stark contrast to the extreme poverty of the Egyptians, and that the other party had not yet paid.
On Twitter, hashtags such as "Come up and you are not alone", "Sisi you are done", "Sisi get off", "Next Friday" and so on have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and retweets. The content calls on the people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner and asks Sisi to step down.
Hollywood Egyptian actor Amarwick has nearly 7 million followers on Twitter.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is destined to be done... he is done, and those who support him are going to make a big mistake now."
Hong Kong government launches free special training program to help employees affected by the economy
The Hong Kong SAR Government announced on the 27th that it has launched a free special training program for employees recently affected by economic conditions. Eligible students can receive a monthly training allowance of up to HK$4,000 after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui Harbour City have very few customers.
Affected by recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has fallen sharply recently. In addition to the tourism industry, hotels, restaurants, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the Hong Kong SAR Government, Luo Zhiguang, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Qiu Tenghua, met with the media on entrusting the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programs and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang described that the challenges facing the Hong Kong economy are imminent and should not wait until the situation is calm before starting work.
Therefore, the Hong Kong SAR Government launched this free training program called "Special? Love Value Added."
According to reports, people who are unemployed or required by their employers to take unpaid leave from June 1, as long as they meet the relevant requirements, have the opportunity to participate in the plan.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that the relevant courses are very wide. The most important part is the training of "vocational skills", covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses, as well as cross-industry "universal skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of charge, and the plan is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Participants participating in the program can receive special allowances as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and the attendance rate reaches 80%. The monthly allowance for each student is capped at HK$4,000.
According to reports, the training courses last 2 to 3 months and are provided by about 50 training institutions. The public can study from October 3 to March 31 next year, and each person can report up to 4 courses.
In addition, the Hong Kong SAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome difficulties.
These measures include relaxing the funding for the Tourism Council, subsidizing 6,000 tour guides to renew their enrollment courses, and exempting travel agents from annual fees.
Exercise is tiring and brain exhausting?
According to the Russian Satellite Network, a study of athletes showed that after high-intensity exercise, the brain will also show signs of fatigue.
The study led by Marseilles Persigrion, an expert at the French Petit-Salpetril Hospital, shows that there is an insignificant connection between mental and physical work: both require cognitive control of activities.
Persigrion explained: "You need to control an autonomous process that can force yourself to stop when you have muscle and joint pain."
The study was initiated by the French National Institute of Physical Education (INSEP).
The school's experts are responsible for guiding athletes to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, that is, uncontrollable fatigue after high-load exercise, the body can not recover, and the performance declines.
INSEP asks a question: Will part of the cause of this condition be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive brain work?
The research report was published in the journal Contemporary Biology.
A few days ago, the exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the National Art Museum of China to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Peng Ma", Qi Baishi's "Ten Thousand Years of Peace", Li Kexian's "Wanshan Red All Over the Forest", Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride", Luo Zhongnian's "Father", Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations" more than 480 masterpieces, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, almost all classic works since the founding of New China.
"The Magnificent Scroll of Great History-An Exhibition of Fine Arts Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" richly and multi-dimensionally showcases the magnificent and magnificent journey and glorious achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, and the unremitting struggle of the Chinese people and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into a prologue and four chapters.
The exhibition is huge in scale, with a collection of masterpieces and masterpieces. The exhibition exhibits more than 480 works, covering Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor gouache, new year paintings, posters and other art types, mainly based on classic works collected by the National Art Museum of China, bringing together classic collections from more than 20 important academic institutions and fine art museums in China.
In addition, more than 130 new works with realistic themes just completed by the "National Thematic Art Creation" organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism were also displayed for the first time.
In order to present this exhibition, the National Art Museum of China used all the exhibition spaces of the whole museum for the first time. In addition to the three-story exhibition halls in the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and the internal and external echoes were formed through the exhibition design. Exhibition pattern.
It is reported that this exhibition will be on display until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the National Art Museum of China will be closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day". This year's theme is (translation) "Tourism and work: building a better future for all". The Tourism Bureau arranges a series of activities, including receiving lucky passengers and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and passengers.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was also held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. Tan Junrong, Director of the Department of Social Culture and other participants attended the event to jointly participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
The Director of Tourism Bureau Wen Qihua and Deputy Director Xu Yaoming and other leaders and related supervisors went to Macau International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers of "World Tourism Day."
Mr. Wipoosiri, a traveler from Thailand, has become a lucky traveler this year. He said that he comes to Macau about four to five times a year. Macau is a suitable tourist destination for families to enjoy Macau's food and visit Macau's urban areas on weekends.
The Macao tourist mascot "Mai Mai" robot was also present to welcome passengers. The Tourist Information Office under the Tourism Bureau also arranged souvenirs to be presented to passengers throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day. It gathered nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macau, etc., which coincided with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region this year. Participants lined up in the Big Samba archway before departure. A group photo of the number "20" adds joy to the event.
Participants also put on distinctive costumes that match the theme of the return.
Each participant held a tray carrying a bottle of "Macao Beer" across the streets of the "Macao Historic City", and delivered the beer safely to the front of the terminal kiosk at the fastest speed. The process was tense and stimulating, attracting a large number of passengers to stop and take pictures along the way. Cheer up and show Macau's tourist charm.
The men's category champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada in Sands City Center, Macau; the women's category champion was Jiajing Group's Ye Xiaojing; the most special clothing award winners were Jiajing Group's Ou Huanming and Golden Dragon Hotel's Cui Zhihong.
On the evening of the same day, the Tourism Bureau invited hundreds of guests including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media representatives to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
Tan Junrong said at the dinner that Macao's tourism industry has been developing rapidly since its return to the past 20 years, but in the face of constant changes in external environmental factors, the industry is encouraged to innovate thinking, build on the success it has achieved, move forward, adjust strategies and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the promotion of the vigorous and sustainable development of Macau's tourism industry.
At the same time, under the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region", Macao singers were arranged to sing the local original congratulatory song "Liancheng Family", and six large-scale tourism companies presented a number of performances that fit the theme of return to Macau. Diversified tourism and leisure elements and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 each year as "World Tourism Day". The purpose is to promote the international community to recognize the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic values.
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27th (Reporters Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation through interest rate bidding on the 27th.
Due to the expiration of 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase on that day, the People's Bank of China's reverse repurchase operation achieved a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank issued an announcement saying that it launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a period of 14 days and a winning bid rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day of the central bank to carry out a 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as the previous trading day.
Let Chinese citizens "go out" more at ease-Interview with Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
No matter where you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first consular protection video of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was launched. The sentence at the end of the video resonated with the majority of netizens.
Cui Aimin, director of the consular department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua News Agency that the short film aims to further make the people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people" and let Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will lend a helping hand to them, giving help, strength and hope.
There is no trivial matter overseas, and the leaves and leaves are always in love.
Cui Aimin said that in the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased dramatically, from "less than one million a year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million person-times per year. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens traveling overseas is more guaranteed, and the target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to various groups such as overseas Chinese, tourists, international students, and migrant workers.
According to statistics, since the 18th National Congress of the Party, we have organized and implemented more than 10 major operations to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accepted and coordinated the handling of about 500,000 cases of various types of assistance, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
At a dangerous time, the motherland can take you home; wanting to come to a "travel as you go" is no longer a dream.
According to Cui Aimin, as of the end of August this year, China has concluded mutual visa exemption agreements covering ordinary passport personnel with 14 countries.
In addition, more and more countries unilaterally grant Chinese citizens visa-free or entry visas and other entry facilities.
42 countries and regions such as Thailand and Egypt unilaterally grant entry visas to Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports, and 15 countries and regions such as Indonesia unilaterally allow Chinese citizens holding ordinary passports to enter the country without visas.
In addition to visa-free and visa-on-arrival arrangements, Chinese citizens are becoming more and more convenient to apply for visas, and their procedures are becoming more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include reaching agreements with the United States, Canada, Israel, and Argentina to issue mutual visas for tourism and business personnel for 10 years, and with the United Kingdom to issue multiple visas for each other's tourism, business, and family members for 2 years.
The United Kingdom and Belgium jointly launched the "Visa One Stop" service, and France, Italy and Singapore shortened the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours, respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card for multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining five years of multiple visas for 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific region, which is of great significance for business personnel, especially private enterprise personnel, to "go out."
At present, China's effective card holdings rank first among APEC economies.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively discuss bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to take visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, transform the achievements of diplomatic work into measures that benefit the people and benefit the people, and continuously improve the "gold content" of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee Cai Qi led a team to inspect the safe production and holiday market supply during the National Day.
He emphasized that it is necessary to improve the political position, strengthen the bottom line thinking, do all the work solidly and meticulously, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens live a happy and peaceful festival.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and mayor, inspected together.
The power supply area of the power supply service center in Tiananmen area is nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to perform real-time monitoring and analysis of the data to achieve intelligent operation, maintenance, evaluation and security of equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully inspected the operation of power supply equipment and safe production, asked for important details of power supply guarantee work, and walked into the dispatching and commanding hall to listen to the report on the work of safe power supply and gas supply during the festival in conjunction with the large screen.
Cai Qi expressed condolences to the front-line staff, emphasizing that we must establish a bottom-line thinking, do a good job in fire protection and other tasks, go to the scene and pay attention to the end, strengthen the investigation of hidden safety hazards and equipment operation monitoring at each point one by one, and ensure absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
In Wangfujing Department Store, all kinds of goods are dazzling and filled with festive atmosphere.
The Peace Bureau on the second floor underground, the walls made of blue tiles and bricks, and old shops such as photo studios, theaters, food stores, and old bookstores are full of Beijing flavor.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining watched while walking, listened to Wangfujing Department Store's cooperation with the renovation and upgrading of the pedestrian street to upgrade commercial operations and market supply reports, and learned more about holiday security.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" and "Dabei Photo Gallery", etc., learn about the sales of Beijing's special commodities, and ask tourists about the experience of the tour along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a Beijing labor model and Zhang Binggui's son, inherited the unique skills of "one catch" and "one mouthful". Cai Qi encouraged him to vigorously promote the spirit of model workers.
Cai Qi urged to strengthen market monitoring to ensure that the holiday supply is sufficient and stable, and strictly control food safety; shopping malls and other crowded places should do a good job of fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line length" guards the safety of passenger lines.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration that as of now, 1,334 passenger lines in 11 districts, cities and 6 provinces directly under the jurisdiction of Jiangxi have "line lengths."
The person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transportation Administration introduced that due to the safety management of some passenger transportation enterprises, the main responsibility of corporate safety can not be implemented. Illegal violations such as passenger vehicle overspeeding and driver fatigue driving occur from time to time, and the road passenger transportation safety situation is relatively grim.
In order to further consolidate the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for safe production and ensure the safety of passengers traveling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017, and gradually promoted it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system", and selected 1,334 "line length" management lines, covering 4,824 passenger buses in operation.
According to reports, the "line leader" is generally appointed by road transport passenger transport enterprises to appoint special personnel, specifically responsible for the management of people, vehicles, lines and other related line work, to ensure that the line person in charge of the line, vehicles, drivers, operating environment, etc. Comprehensive control to ensure the safety of the line operation.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will conduct a special food safety public guided tour from October to December, led by food safety educators to visit the "Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao 20 Years Photo Exhibition" and "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of food supplied in the Mainland, as well as well as measures to ensure food safety in Macao, citizens are welcome to participate actively.
Co-sponsored by the General Administration of Customs and the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Watching for Help Joining Hands-Documentary Photo Exhibition on the 20 Years of Work to Guarantee the Safety of Food and Agricultural Products in the Mainland for Macao" is now being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many local Macao citizens to visit.
In order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Services Department will pay attention to the safety of the food industry from October to December every Wednesday at 3:30 pm (except public holidays), the food information station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building, special food safety public guided activities, guided by food safety education personnel to visit photo exhibitions and food information stations. Through the on-site graphics, videos, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, the food safety personnel are equipped with A guided tour to give participants an in-depth understanding of the work on food safety supervision and stable supply in Mainland China, as well as the food safety work of Macaos food from import to market monitoring, and learn food safety knowledge in daily life In order to further pay attention to food safety and give play to the spirit of "the food, food safety and security of the government, the industry, and the citizens do their best" to jointly maintain food safety in Macao.
Each food safety guided tour takes about 30 minutes. Interested citizens can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Services Department on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the event. The fee is free and the quota is limited. First served.
If you have any questions, you can call the Food Safety Hotline 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Comprehensive Office Tax Payment Platform Officially Launched-China News Network
The tax payment platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Office was officially launched.
China News Network, Fuzhou, September 27th (Ye Qiuyun) The tax payment platform of the Fujian Provincial Tax Treasury Bank Convenience Office was officially launched in Fuzhou, Fujian Province on September 27.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the People's Bank of China Fuzhou Center Sub-branch, the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau, and China UnionPay Co., Ltd. jointly signed a three-party cooperation memorandum to create a comprehensive tax-saving bank in Fujian Province Payment platform.
After nearly a year of construction, the platform has been successfully launched.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Center Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of safety, universality, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end is connected to taxation, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social services. It provides mobile APPs, WeChat public accounts, tax halls, bank outlets, inclusive financial service points and other online and offline payment channels, and back-end to the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of Huimin convenience projects, of which, the urban and rural residents medical insurance premium payment project has been officially launched.
The project has opened 14 online and offline channels and can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the permanent population of Fujian Province.
Medical insurance premiums can be paid online through "Min Tax Link" and "Cloud Flash Payment", as well as APPs of various banks and WeChat public accounts; offline can be used to scan codes, swipe cards, swipe cards and other methods to pay medical insurance premiums in tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, deputy governor of the Fuzhou Center Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform, while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue and real-time interaction of data and information, can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel, and multi-mode convenient payment service.
At present, more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province have opened more than 9,000 medical insurance premium payment functions, so that rural residents can safely pay medical insurance premiums without leaving the village, so that the public has a stronger and stronger "sense of acquisition" and "happiness."
According to statistics, since the preliminary trial operation of the platform's urban and rural residents' medical insurance premium payment project for 20 days, service users have reached 840,000, of which, online payment users reached 750,000, and inclusive financial service point payment users nearly 20,000.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Taxation Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform was the first in the country to apply blockchain electronic payment voucher technology.
Starting next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also directly download the stamped electronic payment voucher through the mobile phone.
The Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "highway" to facilitate private tax payment will be further expanded.
U.S. will increase deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The US Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to previous attacks on Saudi oil facilities, the United States will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four "Sentinel" radar systems and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement that day, the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Secretary of Defense Esper also approved the inclusion of two "Patriot" air defense systems and one "Sade" anti-missile system in the preparation for deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "Sade" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles that the United States claimed to attack Saudi Arabia.
Iranian President Rouhani said in the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th that when all countries can enjoy their rights fairly, Iran can help maintain "Persian Gulf security" and ensure that oil transportation vessels pass through the Strait of Hormuz smoothly and safely.
He also emphasized that regional security can only be achieved if the US forces withdraw from the area.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of the Saudi National Petroleum Corporation and caused a fire.
The US accused Iran of causing the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
The chairman of Celis' shareholding increase plan completed last year's call for employees to increase their holdings by 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Celis (603716.SH) announced that the company's actual controller and chairman Wen Wei had increased the company's shares by a total of 1.0542 million shares through the Shanghai Stock Exchange's collective bidding transaction method, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, and the total increase in holdings was RMB 2.0926 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs) to complete the shareholding increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this shareholding increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Celis, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital, and the controlling shareholder Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei") held 82.185 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital, Wen Wei held 66.06% of Tianjin Ruimei shares, which is the company's actual controller.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time Celis has made a positive move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Celis has successively launched measures such as executive shareholding increase, chairman's pocket-type shareholding increase initiative, share repurchase, and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Celis announced that seven senior executives, including Liu Wenhao, who planned to increase their holdings, had accumulatively increased their holdings of the company's shares by 394,300 shares (accounting for 0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of 7.0229 million yuan. The plan to increase the shareholding has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, Wen Wei, chairman and real controller of Celis, proposed a plan for employees to increase the company's stock holdings, and promised to compensate Wen Wei for any losses.
The period of increase in holdings is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The upper limit of the total shareholding of the company's stocks does not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase in holdings, the company's stocks must be held continuously for more than 12 months without reduction of holdings, and the employee was on duty at the time of compensation.
The reporter sorted out and found that during the time period of the employee's shareholding increase mentioned above, Celis's stock price was the lowest at 14.02 yuan and the highest was 16.44 yuan. Based on the closing price of Celis on September 25 at 20.02 yuan, the highest floating profit of the employee's shareholding increase could be 42.80%, the lowest was 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Celis once again passed the share repurchase plan of the company. The announcement stated that the total amount of funds planned to be used to repurchase shares was not less than RMB 160 million and not more than RMB 280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the announcement of "Celis 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" and set high conditions for unlocking performance.
The announcement shows that equity incentives are based on 2018 operating income, and the growth rates for the four fiscal years 2019-2022 are not less than 30%, 70%, 120%, and 185%, respectively.
Judging from the performance of Celis in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the 30% performance growth this year to unlock the conditions.
In the first half of the year, operating income was 842 million yuan, an increase of 46.50% year-on-year; the net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies was 56.223 million yuan, an increase of 16.46% year-on-year.
Since the 2018 mid-term report, Celis has reported revenue growth of more than 38% year-on-year for five consecutive reporting periods, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation services (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation services (SPD business) and regional inspection centers, which consolidated the advantages of the original IVD business Iteratively upgrade to promote SPD business.
Relevant sources of Celis told reporters that in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Celis's three major businesses are steadily advancing.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, Celis announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Intensive Operation Platforms for Medical Consumables and Daily Operation Management Services" with the People's Hospital of Lingwu City and the Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital of Lingwu City, with a contract period of three years.
"In fact, Celis is vigorously expanding its SPD business to provide medical institutions with refined operational services such as centralized procurement, warehousing management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables in hospitals to obtain long-term income."
The above said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Celis won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) in-hospital logistics extension service project" at Shaw Shaw Hospital affiliated to Zhejiang University School of Medicine.
Analysts in the pharmaceutical industry pointed out that this winning bid is very gold-containing. Shaw Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Review (JCI). The smooth implementation of this project in the future will also be an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, through regional expansion, nationwide strategic cooperation, and channel mergers and acquisitions, Celis has basically completed the business area coverage of the provinces across the country.
Now that Shaw Shaw Hospital is the next city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate the model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year Celis is also deploying in emerging areas such as industrial cannabis and blockchain technology.
Beijing 78,000 volunteers serve the National Day transportation trip.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will formally start their work on the 28th and provide volunteer services at various locations in Beijing. The service period will continue until October 8.
Prior to this, the Beijing Municipal Leadership Group celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China set up a volunteer headquarters, and in the early stage, recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for colleges, communities, enterprises, and all walks of life. The field of volunteer services involves celebrations, party activities, large-scale achievement exhibitions, National Day amusement parks, and city operation and security.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 volunteers in traffic civilization.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers Sub-headquarters: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteers will conduct traffic guidance and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic intersections and 308 subway platforms in Beijing, including more than 300 major transportation hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British "Stanner Empire" tanker was finally released and departed from the Iranian port of Abbas on the morning of the 27th to international waters.
And just in the middle of last month, the British authorities in the overseas territories of Gibraltar had just released an Iranian tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to the news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran, at 9 a.m. local time on the 27th, the British "Stanner Empire" tanker departed from the port of Abbas to the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The port and shipping organization of Hormuzgan Province, Iran confirmed that the ship's commander and crew had made formal and written commitments. Although the ship was detained, they did not have any claims.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish shipowner of the "Stanner Empire" tanker, also said that the ship was sailing from Abbas Port.
In addition, Refinitiv's vessel tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left Abbas Port.
The Stena Impero tanker flying the British flag was detained by Iran in July this year.
A spokesman for the company said the tanker was preparing to leave Abbas Port.
Two weeks after Britain detained an Iranian tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the tanker named Stena Impero in the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required to release the "Stanner Empire" had been completed.
But the Iranian side said the investigation is still ongoing.
Many Iranian media have also released videos of the tanker's voyage.
On July 19, the Navy of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard of Iran detained a British tanker "Stanner Empire" in the Iranian waters of the Strait of Hormuz, and then escorted it to Abbas Port.
Iran was detained from the waters of Gibraltar by the tanker "Grace One."
In addition, on July 4, the British authorities in the overseas territories of Gibraltar detained the "Grace One" tanker loaded with Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on the grounds of alleged violations of EU sanctions to deliver oil to Syria.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of "Grace One."
This afternoon, a special meeting on the theme education review and rectification of undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wu Lan, deputy secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, emphasized the need to improve the political position, strengthen political responsibility, strictly examine and rectify problems, and promote the high-quality development of party building, ideological and political reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by various undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of subject education.
She pointed out that carrying out the theme education of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission" is a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee, and all undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping on the theme education of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission."
From the political height of enhancing the "four consciousnesses", achieving "two maintenances", and fulfilling the original mission, conscientiously complete the prescribed actions of the theme education, especially the series of problems reviewed by the rectification and reform, and coordinate the school reform and development. Work to achieve "two mistakes and two promotion."
Wulan emphasized that we must adhere to the blade inward, grasp the problem review, identify the problem according to the requirements of "four controls", "four find one", and solicit opinions and suggestions from teachers, students, parents, and all walks of life, and seriously analyze the root causes from the ideological perspective, and then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical measures to solve the problems.
We must insist on precise efforts, strengthen real reforms and practical reforms, and earnestly implement the word "reform" throughout.
It is necessary to do a good job of combining thematic education with the work of "Lide Tree Man", compacting the rectification responsibility, ensuring that the problems are not falling, and the bottom line is cleared, so as to ensure the effectiveness of the rectification.
We must adhere to both the symptoms and the root causes, improve the long-term mechanism, weave the system cage tightly, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work has rules and regulations, and truly use the system to manage people and affairs.
To adhere to the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in carefully reviewing rectification, take the lead in strict self-discipline at all times, play a "key minority" demonstration role, and strive to complete various tasks of subject education review rectification.
Comrades in charge of party committees of 5 colleges and universities including Hunan University and comrades in charge of relevant units directly under the province made speeches.
Two major UHV projects have been put into operation
On the 26th, the Zhundong-South Anhui  1100 kV UHV DC transmission project and the Sutong 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipeline corridor project were put into operation.
Both of these projects occupy the commanding heights of the current world transmission technology in their respective fields, and will greatly improve the large-scale optimization of my country's energy allocation after commissioning.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Administration, said that the Zhundong-South Anhui project is the world's largest transmission project with the longest transmission distance.
Its commissioning is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang's energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL, that is, gas insulated metal closed transmission line.
The Sutong Pipe Gallery project has set the record of the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity of the GIL project in the world, and realized the "AC double loop network" combined operation of the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power grid.
According to the State Grid Corporation, the transmission distance from Zhundong to southern Anhui is up to 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electrical energy will be lost on the way, and the project has been researched and developed, which has greatly increased the economic transmission distance to more than 3,000 kilometers.
After the project from Zhundong to southern Anhui is put into operation, it can deliver 100 million degrees of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of the consumption of existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, the annual transmission of this line alone will reach 60 to 85 billion kWh, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's electricity consumption throughout the year.
The Sutong GIL integrated pipeline corridor project is a control project of the UHV AC ring network crossing the Yangtze River.
If you use conventional overhead lines to cross the river, you need to build two giant iron towers over 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and build an artificial island over the size of four football fields for each tower.
In this regard, State Grid boldly innovated and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from underwater through the tunnel, avoiding the impact on the golden waterway.
The two projects promoted a new leap in my country's electrical equipment manufacturing capabilities.
At present, the State Grid has accumulatively completed the "10 AC 11 straight" UHV project, and "4 AC 3 straight" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: my country's foreign debt structure continues to be optimized and the stability of foreign debt is enhanced
"Overall, my country's foreign debt structure continues to be optimized, and the stability of foreign debt has increased."
Wang Chunying, spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of my country's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the overall risk of foreign debt is controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above remarks when he announced the external debt data at the end of June 2019 on the day of the Foreign Exchange Bureau and answered questions from reporters.
According to data, as of the end of June 2019, my country's full-caliber (including local and foreign currency) foreign debt balance was US$ 198.0 billion, an increase of US$ 26.3 billion or 1.3% from the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in my country's full-caliber external debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and non-residents were mainly dominated by medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the share of medium- and long-term external debt rose by 3 percentage points from the end of March 2019, and the share of local currency external debt rose by 1 percentage point from the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that with the inclusion of RMB bonds in my country in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of the Chinese bond market has further increased and they continue to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"my country's balance of payments maintains an overall balance, and the risk of foreign debt is manageable."
The reporter learned from the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences on the 27th that at present, the Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan has been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters, and the prevention and control work has achieved periodic results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan Province, first discovered Spodoptera frugiperda migrating from abroad, and subsequently confirmed the occurrence in 129 counties in Yunnan. The Spodoptera frugiperda also gradually spread from Yunnan to mainland China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
Spodoptera frugiperda is an important edible long-distance migratory agricultural pest native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. It is a major migratory pest of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization's global early warning. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, outbreak, and devastating."
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane, sorghum, etc., and consumes a large amount of food, which can cause up to 70% of production losses.
It is difficult to prevent and control, and there are no registered pesticides to control the pest in China.
Since the Spodoptera frugiperda migrated and invaded Yunnan, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences selected Chen Aidong researcher to lead the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences Agricultural Cross-border Pests Collaborative Green Prevention and Control Provincial Innovation Team, went to the front line, field investigation, collected samples, and carried out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
The Qin Aidong team has initially grasped the population characteristics of Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan, natural enemy insect resources, characteristics of foreign insect sources, population migration trajectories, pesticide virulence and field prevention effects.
They actively carried out research and application of green prevention and control technologies. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult trapping, scientific medicines and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%, while reducing the use of chemical pesticides, protecting natural enemy resources and ecological environment, and providing technical guarantees for Yunnan to effectively control the outbreak of Spodoptera frugiperda and sustainable management.
At present, the Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan has been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing large-scale outbreaks and disasters, and the prevention and control work has achieved periodic results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion outbreaks, and break through the construction of biological prevention and green prevention and control technology systems.
At the same time, actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring sites and demonstration areas abroad to enhance the comprehensive monitoring and early warning capabilities of Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of commemorative coins for pandas plus gold and silver at the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
There are 2 sets of gold and silver commemorative coins, including 1 gold commemorative coin and 1 silver commemorative coin, all of which are the legal currencies of the People's Republic of China.
According to reports, the front patterns of the set of gold and silver commemorative coins are all the Beijing Temple of Heaven prayer hall, and the country name, year number and Chinese characters of "China International Import Expo" are published.
The pattern on the back of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of a mother and child panda, with the words "8 g Au.999", the English word "China International Import Expo" and the denomination.
The pattern on the back of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of a mother and child panda, with the words "30 g Ag.999", the English word "China International Import Expo" and the denomination.
According to reports, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a common currency, containing 8 grams of pure gold, 22 millimeters in diameter, 100 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, and a maximum circulation of 10,000.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a common currency, containing 30 grams of sterling silver, 40 mm in diameter, 10 yuan in denomination, 99.9% in color, and a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
The set of gold and silver commemorative coins was minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd. and distributed by China National Gold Coin Corporation.
White paper: China has embarked on a development path that fits its national conditions
China News Agency, Beijing, September 27th. The Information Office of the State Council of China released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
The white paper points out that in the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and achieved development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the hard work spirit of "800 million shirts for one Boeing". Generations of people have been galloping, struggling one after another, and paying the hard work and sweat that others can not imagine; relying on the spirit of "self-reliance" The spirit of responsibility, whether it is smooth or adversity, does not export problems, does not pass on contradictions, does not go through the spirit of forced sale and plundering of other countries to develop themselves; but relies on the spirit of "exploring the spirit of colonialism", not imperialism, The old path of colonialism does not copy the development model of Western countries, but combines China's reality, sums up experiences and lessons, draws on human civilization, dares to dare to dare to try, and embarks on a path of its own.
The white paper says that China has developed in the connection and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's roads conform to China's national conditions and adapt to the requirements of the times.
China takes practical actions to maintain world peace.
In the past 70 years, China has not actively provoked any wars and conflicts, nor has it occupied an inch of land in other countries.
The white paper points out that in the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is that it has found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and has continued unswervingly along this path.
This is a path of establishing from the national conditions of the country, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up, and comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China's huge size, complex national conditions, and difficult governance are rare in the world. Without centralized, unified, and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper says that in the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
Especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China's development has achieved historic achievements and historical changes. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up, getting rich, and becoming stronger. It is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show brighter development prospects as the times progress.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchant Declaration."
At the 2nd World Cloth Merchants Conference 2019 held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province on the 27th, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchants Declaration."
The declaration pointed out that facing the future, relevant countries adhere to open coordination, technology-driven, and fashion changes, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world's textile industry.
This year's World Cloth Merchants Conference gathered about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry in 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development of the global textile industry and the road to win-win cooperation around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, president of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that the current global industrial division pattern, trade pattern, and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation, and responsible development. The development concept of "technology, fashion, and green" is deepening.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe talked about, "To achieve sustainable development and common prosperity in the industry, it requires the active participation of global textile people, the directors of various institutions, and the sharing of interests."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry of 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Merchant Declaration", which jointly elaborated the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The "World Cloth Merchants Declaration" pointed out that facing the future, relevant countries will adhere to open coordination, continuously promote industrial and market interconnection, and jointly improve the development level of the industrial chain; will adhere to technology-driven, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance industrial basic capabilities; make a leap in cohesion and fashion, give full play to the role of textile clothing as a cultural carrier and a bridge of civilization, and jointly enhance industrial cultural value.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the release of the "World Cloth Manifesto" will help all countries jointly improve the development level of the textile industry chain and achieve sustainable development of the textile industry.
Loureno Bartholomei mentioned for example that there are more than 130 high-end local ready-to-wear brands in the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end ready-to-wear products, and Keqiao has a variety of high-quality fabrics. "Through this cloth merchants conference, we also look forward to establishing contact with Keqiao's excellent suppliers and seeking more opportunities for cooperation."
As the venue of the World Cloth Merchants Conference, Keqiao has the world's largest textile market. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of upgrading internally and opening up to the outside world, which represents China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Keqiao District Committee, said that Keqiao will use the cloth business conference as an opportunity to advance the textile industry in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The median RMB price measured by Reuters is expected to affect 460 points in a counter-cyclical around 7.0883 yuan.
According to the calculation of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the central parity of the RMB against the US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a depreciation of about 154 points from the previous day.
Last day, the RMB closed at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, among today's changes in the median price, 586 points of decline reflected the impact of market supply and demand, and another 27 points of decline reflected the number of points required for a basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged overnight; another 460 points of increase reflected the impact of "reverse cyclical factors."
The median price of RMB against the US dollar measured by Reuters last day was 7.0947 yuan, which deviated from the actual value announced by the foreign exchange trading center by 218 points.
According to the calculation of the median price announced by CFETS last day, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (special drawing rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92, respectively.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the tallest building in northern China, completed more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of Tianjin CTF Finance Center, the tallest building in northern China, was held on the afternoon of 26th in Tianjin Binhai New Area, marking the construction information model independently developed by the China Construction Eighth Bureau Tianjin CTF Finance Center Project Department that won the Global Excellence Award in the global engineering construction industry-the collaborative management platform of high-precision BIM models has been successful in the field of skyscraper construction.
Tianjin CTF Finance Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The total construction area of the project is 390,000 square meters, 4 floors underground, 100 floors above ground, and the building height is 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments, super five-star hotels, etc. After completion, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
According to the relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin CTF Finance Center of China Construction Eighth Bureau, the entire project uses more than 70,000 tons of steel, and the high-altitude group has about 376,000 meters of welds equivalent to 42.5 Everest heights. The use of welds can circle the earth 40 times. The number of steel components reaches 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components, which includes the world's most single-layer distorted elliptical cross-section steel pipes with an angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of the steel structure of Tianjin CTF project is unprecedented.
According to industry insiders, Tianjin CTF Finance Center is the first to implement building information model (BIM) management in a comprehensive manner in skyscraper projects that have been built or under construction across the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three full BIM application" model with full participation, full professional application, and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on a high-precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department will first build the BIM in the virtual world, and then carry out the physical and physical construction after scientific and error-free verification, which will cause the problems of disassembly and rework in the construction of previous construction projects to be eliminated in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation achievements of the Chow Tai Fook Finance Center project won the first prize in the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Masters Meeting and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Awards Presentation Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department has created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation achievements of Tianjin CTF project and the promotion of technological innovation not only made the complex and numerous construction links all achieve one success, the construction period was shortened by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, the Tianjin CTF Finance Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement was completed.
The reporter learned from the Information Office of the Public Security Department of Yunnan Province on the 27th that at 15:30 that day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th China-Laos-Myanmar-Thailand Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement successfully docked at China's Guanle Port, marking the successful conclusion of this joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched in Guanle Port on the 24th. It lasted 4 days and 3 nights. The four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand dispatched 136 law enforcement personnel and 6 law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols and anti-drug propaganda activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Laos Ban Xiangguo, and Mengmo.
In addition, China has also dispatched police practical combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border defense companies of the Lao People's Army to carry out police practical combat skills exchanges, effectively enhancing the emergency response capabilities of law enforcement members of both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
The four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other about the recent situation of border management, combating drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin, and to strengthen information exchange, research and judgment and law enforcement cooperation to reach consensus; and hold cultural and sports exchange activities in the four countries to carry out competitions such as football, rattan, iron ball and tug of war, effectively enhance mutual understanding among law enforcement members and friendship among law enforcement cooperation among the four countries.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Corps of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department introduced that after the end of the operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint garrison and joint joint joint patrol mission to increase the visibility of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the safety and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
The Thai commander said that since the launch of the Mekong Joint Patrol Law Enforcement, the four countries of China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have maintained close exchanges, deepened pragmatic cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in law enforcement, security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
It is hoped that the Quartet's law enforcement cooperation will continue to deepen and expand, and strive to open up a new situation in law enforcement cooperation between the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining the safety and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition on the 25th and opposed any agreement with the West on the Iranian missile project.
The news agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran quoted Khatami as saying that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile force" would damage Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders all support improving missile projects.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from this agreement in May last year and restored and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran and the United States to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear agreement to limit Iran's weapons projects and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the UN General Assembly to mediate tensions between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the 23rd of the UN General Assembly.
After the meeting, the leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement urging Iran to participate in the dialogue on nuclear activities, missile projects and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iranian nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi serves as the jury leader
Chinese Herald: The film "Under the White Cloud" directed by Professor Wang Rui of Beijing Film Academy, as the only Chinese-language film, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other finalists for the highest award at the Tokyo International Film Festival-the Golden Unicorn Award.
"Under the White Cloud" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "Tao Li Man World", about an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple, a certain kind of life dilemma due to different life pursuits, starring Mongolian actors Ji Rimutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two global premieres during the current film festival, with release dates of October 31 and November 3, respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year at venues such as Roppongi and Ribigu in Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the film festival held a press conference to officially announce the main competition unit for the Golden Unicorn Award, the "Asian Future" unit, the "Special Entertainment Works", Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units, the list of films and paintings.
The person in charge of the selection of the competition film introduced the Chinese competition film "Under the White Cloud."
Zhang Ziyi served as the chairman of the international jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
There are 3 Chinese films in the "Asian Future" unit
In a series of units at the Tokyo International Film Festival, its importance is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although there are only 8 finalists, 6 fewer than the main competition, 3 Chinese films from mainland China and Hong Kong are shortlisted.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby's Revenge" directed by Lu Yixin, "Mai Lu" starred by film emperor Guo Fucheng and film queen Yang Qianhua directed by Huang Qingxun, and a mainland film is "Summer Knight" directed by Youxing.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film directed by Yu Fei and starring Guangsi, Zhang Jingchu, and Lin Baihong, "Bingfeng Storm", as a "special hospitality work", will also be released at this film festival.
The festival spokesperson, "Goddess" Hirose Alice, was absent from the press conference for some reason and delivered a video speech.
Famous director Yoshitaka Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Ando Yukang, who just took office in August this year, the director of the film festival, Hisao Menglang, and the directors of the film selection of each unit, took the stage to deliver speeches, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As a special guest at the press conference, the opening film-the 50th work of the "Yin Jiro" series "Yin Jiro's Story: Welcome Back" director Yoshitaka Yamada, and two Japanese film directors shortlisted for the main competition unit Tsuzuka ("Balopola"), Akihito ("Comedy Love Wife Story"), as well as the famous playwright and screenwriter Nakajima Ishiki, also appeared at this press conference to tell the feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury lineup of the main competition unit is composed of 5 people. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other 4 people are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaya, Danish director Michael Noel, and Japanese director Takahiro Hiroki.
In addition, TIFFCOM (International Image Market), which is held in conjunction with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held at the Ikebukuro Sunshine City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24. A record 401 groups will exhibit this year. In particular, there are 90 exhibitors from China, a 6.4-fold increase compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFFCOM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "CHINA DAY", held several lectures and seminars, and invited Japanese director Yuki Ishii to participate in related activities. The welcome dinner that evening was also co-sponsored by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project Started
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27th (Reporter Li Qianwei) Enriched the panda cultural theme tourism route. The panda base can accommodate 180 pandas in the future. The "Panda Planet" and the expansion project of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "Panda Capital" project planned and built in Chengdu has officially started.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built in Chengdu is composed of three areas: Beihu Area, Dujiangyan Area and Longquan Mountain Area, covering an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan combines the ecological and cultural values of giant pandas with the construction of a beautiful livable park city in Chengdu to create an ecological home for giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the Beihu area and covers an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a "1 + N + X" regional spatial structure.
One core attraction is the reconstruction and expansion project of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; N cultural tourism consumption scenarios are created, namely panda town, Xiaoyao Park, Dream Garden, etc.; X area basic supporting facilities.
After the reconstruction and expansion of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base in Chengdu, the scale will reach 3,525 mu, which is generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site and a place where people and animals have a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their associated animals (red pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the "News and Newspaper Digest" of China Voice of China Central Television, several international dignitaries and envoys from various countries congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China in the past few days, highly appraising the development achievements of New China and its significance for global development.
In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the Central Radio and Television Station, President Keita of Mali said that he has visited China many times. China's development achievements in the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and a sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened the door to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope all success in China, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday and bless China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: I wish the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day, because this day is also my birthday.
A few days ago (25th), envoys from more than 130 countries in China and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great History and Brilliant Achievements-Large-scale Achievement Exhibition Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: I personally saw the starting point of China's reform and opening up policy, and compared with today and more than 40 years ago, there has been too much progress.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities locally to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friends.
Many foreign friends have sent their sincere blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would start the trial operation of the unmanned "Level 4" fully autonomous taxi team Robotaxi on a specific highway in Changsha City, Hunan Province.
Xiaoma Zhixing, a self-driving startup, also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded everywhere.
From the 26th, Baidu used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha City can apply for a ride through a dedicated website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The roads providing trial operation are 50 kilometers by the end of 2019 and are planned to be extended to 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is the "Red Flag EV" of China FAW Group's pure electric vehicle, equipped with a system developed by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government's "Apollo Project."
In addition to Toyota and Honda, Baidu's Apollo program includes more than 150 companies including Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford, Intel, Microsoft, and Nvidia.
Around China's self-driving taxis, Didi Chuxing, China's largest online car-hailing service provider, announced plans to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai within the year.
China's autonomous driving development competition may become more intense.
Taiwan scholar's suggestion: "Uncertainty" Taiwanese businessmen need to keep up with the mainland's development of mainstream industries
The "2019 Taiwan Businessmen Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei on the 26th and 27th.
The event invited many representatives of Taiwanese businessmen and scholars to share experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management and co-organized by Qunyi Jinding Securities and the Association of Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen.
The two-day meeting was divided into several seminars such as transformation and upgrading mode and business strategy, and more than 100 people attended the meeting.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, said that China (mainland China) and the United States continue to have trade frictions, and Taiwanese businessmen face "uncertain times."
He believes that Taiwanese businessmen need to keep pace with the times and keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the mainland, paying special attention to innovative products related to the fields of technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwanese businessmen valued quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that it is no longer enough for Taiwanese businessmen to have the above conditions.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should have both speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and pay attention to extension services and life product services.
In addition, "service value-added" is also a new field that Taiwanese businessmen can vigorously develop.
In the speech session of representatives of Taiwanese businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwanese businessman Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd. from Guangdong, said that Yayi Electronics had experienced operational difficulties due to a sudden drop in orders. The group started to improve its operating conditions from structural adjustment and asset activation.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue after taking away the traditional electrical appliances business, transforming automotive electronic equipment, and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Sun God (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" services.
The customer's replacement of suppliers is nothing more than six factors: poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, low variety, and integrity issues. As long as these six points are resolved, coupled with timely modification of production lines and expansion of product categories, enterprises will become customers irreplaceable suppliers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen Award" award ceremony, also hosted by the Taipei Institute of Management and Management, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's "Economic Daily", Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operation center is located in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwanese Businessmen and Cross-Strait Contribution Award."
The new regulations solicit opinions: social capital requires qualifications to acquire rural land management rights
Social capital requires qualifications to acquire rural land management rights
"Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights" publicly solicits opinions and plans to supervise the acquisition of land management rights through the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice for public consultation on the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management Rights (Revised Draft Consultation Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as the "Draft Opinion Draft"), which added to the acquisition of land for the transfer of social capital such as industrial and commercial enterprises Supervision of management rights and risk prevention.
The "Draft Opinion" will openly solicit opinions from the public.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly revised Law on Rural Land Contracting, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and implement the "three separate powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Management Rights in Rural Land Contracting" and formed the "Draft Opinion."
A reporter from the Beijing Youth Daily learned that there were many important amendments to the first draft of the Opinions.
The newly revised Law on Rural Land Contracting clarifies the scope of land circulation, implements the concept of "three powers are separated", and sets up "land contracting management rights" and "land management rights" separately, making a clear distinction between the transfer of land contracting management rights, swaps and the transfer of land management rights (leasing, subcontracting, shareholding or other methods).
In this "Draft Opinion", in order to implement the concept of "three powers are separated", effectively respond to the main purpose of the amendment of the "Rural Land Contracting Law", and take into account the transfer of land management rights and the exchange of land contracting management rights, the transfer of parties, procedures, supervision, etc. There are major differences. The revised draft defines the scope of circulation, focusing on the circulation of land management rights, including leasing and shareholding, and revising the regulatory name from the "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Contracting Management Rights" to "Administrative Measures on the Circulation of Rural Land Management."
For the transfer and exchange of land contractual management rights, separate management measures will be issued to regulate.
The "Draft Opinion" pointed out that in the context of "separation of powers", farmers only have a certain period of land management rights.
Theoretically, even if there is a bankruptcy liquidation, farmers only have the risk of losing the right to operate for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer legally necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and it also conflicts with the Bankruptcy Law.
In order to prevent the risk of farmers losing their land, in practice, methods such as preferred shares, first lease and then share repurchase have been produced.
Considering that there are more mature theoretical discussions on preferred stocks in the company law, it is recommended to use them as an advocacy provision to prevent the risk of losing equity.
