State-owned enterprises and superior private enterprises entered the old revolutionary area of Gannan.
From September 26 to 27, in order to deepen and expand the educational achievements on the theme "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission," the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce jointly organized a research activity on "State-owned enterprises and superior private enterprises into the old revolutionary areas of Gannan," reliving the revolutionary history, pursuing red footprints, inheriting red genes, carrying out the interface between the needs of relevant enterprises and Ganzhou City, and promoting the accelerated development of the old revolutionary areas.
Jin Zhuanglong, Executive Deputy Director of the Central Civil-Military Integration Office, Xu Lejiang, Vice Minister of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee, Secretary of the Party Group and Executive Vice Chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, Zhang Kejian, Director of the National Defense Science and Industry Bureau, Li Bingjun, Deputy Secretary of the Jiangxi Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Ganzhou Municipal Party Committee, participated in the research.
The enterprises participating in the research activities are 8 military industry group companies such as China Aerospace Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., 10 Minkou state-owned enterprises such as Hunan Rare Earth Metal Materials Research Institute, and 15 superior private enterprises such as Yanxiang Group.
During this period, the researchers visited the Memorial Garden, the starting point of the Long March of the Central Red Army, remembered the revolutionary martyrs, received revolutionary traditional education, reviewed the difficult journey of the Long March of the Red Army, investigated seven enterprises and one testing center in Ganzhou City on the spot, held a special symposium, reached eight cooperation projects and signed contracts on the spot.
At the symposium on research activities, Ganzhou City introduced its unique industrial advantages and introduced quality projects to the participating enterprises.
China Arms Industry Group Co., Ltd., China Steel Research Technology Group Co., Ltd., Xi'an and Defense Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangxi Jinli Permanent Magnetic Technology Co., Ltd., spoke on behalf of the Military Industry Group Company, Minkou state-owned enterprises, private enterprises and local enterprises, saying that they would continue to strengthen the demand docking between state-owned enterprises and superior private enterprises and Jiangxi Province and Ganzhou City, gradually broaden the areas of cooperation, help industrial transformation and upgrading, and promote the high-quality development of old revolutionary areas.
Through this research activity, we have further understood the unique industrial development advantages of the old revolutionary areas of Gannan, clarified the key tasks of the economic and social development of the old revolutionary areas at this stage, strengthened the belief of state-owned and private enterprises to serve the people and start businesses, and played an important role in promoting the transformation of the former Central Soviet District of Gannan, adjusting the structure, benefiting the people, and promoting the change of quality, efficiency and motivation of economic development.
Beijing market supervision department carries out comprehensive law enforcement before the festival. Commodity prices are basically stable
China New Network Beijing September 27 (reporter Du Yan) In order to strengthen market supervision and law enforcement before the festival, the Beijing Market Supervision Bureau inspected more than 2,000 business subjects on the eve of the National Day.
The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other necessities of life sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
Today, the reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau that the Bureau launched the "Comprehensive Law Enforcement Inspection Day" throughout the city, focusing on price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, commerce and other elements and links of law enforcement inspection in key areas and key areas, so as to comprehensively standardize the market operation order.
According to the introduction, the five law enforcement teams of the Beijing Market Supervision Bureau, including price, industry and commerce, quality supervision, food and medicine, and commerce, work together and cooperate closely. The heads of the law enforcement agencies lead the team and conduct joint law enforcement inspection of some randomly selected business subjects in groups.
During the inspection, law enforcement officers focused on price behavior, advertising, food safety, measurement standards, production safety system and other contents.
The district market supervision bureaus also organized joint law enforcement inspection at the same time. More than 1,600 law enforcement personnel were deployed to inspect more than 2,000 households of various business subjects. The inspection showed that the supply of grain, oil, meat, fruits, vegetables, eggs and milk and other necessities of life sold in the market was sufficient, commodity prices were basically stable, operators were able to operate in accordance with the law, no serious violations were found, and the market operation order was generally stable.
The Beijing Municipal Market Supervision Bureau said that during the National Day period, it will strengthen emergency duty, continuously carry out inspection and inspection of the market, and quickly deal with all kinds of market supervision problems in accordance with the law. Once the business violations reported by the public are verified, they will be dealt with seriously in accordance with the law, so as to effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
The Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences "China in My Heart" Chinese Essay Competition was announced
The "China in My Heart" Chinese essay competition, with the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China, was announced and an award ceremony was held at the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences on the 26th.
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, Wei Sijue, representative of the Cambodian China Council and president of the Cambodian Jiangxi Chamber of Commerce, presented awards to the winning guests.
According to Chai Keqing, Chinese dean of the Confucius Institute of the Royal Cambodian Academy of Sciences, the competition lasted two months. The participants were Cambodian primary school students, middle school students (including specialized students) and college students (including social personnel).
Zhong Jifa, a diplomat of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia, presented the winning certificate to Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, and Guo Lina, the first prize winner of the primary and secondary school group.
Chai Keqing said that the entries were conducted separately according to the university group and the primary and secondary school group. Senior Cambodian Chinese experts were invited to form an evaluation committee. Through the initial evaluation, re-evaluation and final evaluation, they finally selected 1 first prize, 2 second prize, 3 third prize and 10 outstanding prize in the university group; 1 first prize, 5 second prize, 10 third prize and 20 outstanding prize in the primary and secondary school group.
Lin Weicai, the first prize winner of the university group, said that he had studied Chinese for 15 years and had a great influence on himself.
Through the essay competition, it is to use words to describe the well-being brought to Cambodia under the "Belt and Road" and the traditional friendship between China and Cambodia. I hope the younger generation will continue to add to the friendship between China and Cambodia.
The picture shows the guests and the winners.
Guo Lina, winner of the first prize in the primary and secondary school group, said that as an overseas Chinese, she had the opportunity to express the feelings of "China in her heart" through the words of her ancestral country and won the award.
The organizer said that through the competition, it not only created a positive atmosphere for Sino-Cambodian relations, but also attracted more and more Cambodian students to learn Chinese and study in China.
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) published a report on the 26th, pointing out that Iran has begun to use advanced centrifuges to accelerate the production of enriched uranium, further violating the nuclear agreement reached with world powers in 2015.
According to foreign media reports, the IAEA report pointed out that the advanced centrifuges of Iran's Natanz Nuclear Facility "are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
Since US President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear agreement last May and imposed sanctions on Iran, Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the nuclear agreement reached with major powers in 2015.
The agreement stipulates that Iran can only use the first generation IR-1 centrifuges to refine uranium.
The other signatories to the deal, Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, have been trying to salvage the deal, but Tehran has repeatedly accused Europe of not doing enough.
According to Japan's Kyodo News Agency, on the afternoon of the 25th local time, Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Maoki held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in New York, the United States, where he visited, and confirmed that he would promote the conclusion of a peace treaty, including the territorial issue of the four northern islands (the disputed islands between Japan and Russia, known as the "four northern islands" in Japan and the "South Kuril Islands" in Russia), and develop bilateral relations in a wide range of political, economic and other fields. The two sides also reached agreement on coordinating Maoki's visit to Russia as soon as possible.
This is Maoki's first consultation with Russia as the head of the negotiations on the conclusion of the peace treaty after he became foreign minister.
Maoki expressed to the Russian side that "including the promotion of common economic activities (in the four northern islands), we hope to start practical consultations."
According to the Japanese government, the talks did not discuss the territorial issue in detail.
At the Japan-Russia summit talks in December 2018, it was confirmed that the foreign ministers of the two countries were responsible for accelerating the negotiations.
At this meeting, the two foreign ministers welcomed the progress made in the consultations on joint economic activities in the fields of tourism and waste disposal.
Maoki expressed his expectation for the sightseeing tourism trial business scheduled to be implemented in October, saying, "I hope it will be successfully implemented and lead to the next step."
In addition, the talks also confirmed that Lavrov will visit Japan in November in conjunction with the Group of 20 (G20) Foreign Ministers' Meeting to be held in Nagoya.
Tui Onetoa was elected as the new Prime Minister of Tonga.
Nuku'alofa news: On the 27th, the Parliament of Tonga, a South Pacific island country, elected the current Minister of Finance and National Planning, Pohiva Tuionetoa, as the new Prime Minister of Tonga, replacing former Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva, who died of illness earlier this month.
According to the website of MATANGI, the main media in Tonga, the Parliament of Tonga is unicameral and consists of 26 members.
In the parliamentary vote on the same day, Tuionetoa received 23 votes, defeated his rival Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure and Tourism Semisi Sika and was successfully elected.
Tonga is a constitutional monarchy with a system of separation of executive, legislative and judicial powers.
Tuionetoa still has to accept the king's appointment.
The next Tongan parliamentary election will be held in 2021.
The women's volleyball team is expected to defend the World Cup ahead of schedule!
On the 27th, in the match against the Dutch women's volleyball team, the Chinese team was pulled back by the opponent after winning two sets in a row, and finally beat the Netherlands 3: 1, ushering in nine consecutive victories.
The World Cup schedule is coming to an end. Although defending the title is in sight, the Chinese women's volleyball team should not take it lightly in the face of Serbia.
In the first two sets of the match with Holland, the performance of the Chinese women's volleyball team was as strong as ever. They went down to two cities with 25: 19 and 25: 16 respectively. Until the third set, the team encountered setbacks.
The Dutch women's volleyball team strengthened the attack of the serve when they were behind. The Chinese team was hit by a pass. Combined with the girls' desire to attack, the mistakes began to increase, and was finally pulled back by the opponent at 21: 25.
After the match, Lang Ping also pointed out in an interview: "In the third set, we sent about 8 points because of mistakes."
Of course, the strength of the Dutch women's volleyball team should not be underestimated. The Chinese women's volleyball team also made difficult preparations before the match. Although it lost one set, everything was still under Lang Ping's control. "It is normal to win or lose a match with a strong team, and it is normal to play five sets, so we told the players to focus," Lang Ping said.
In the fourth set, the players actively adjusted their state. Zhang Changning opened fire at the offensive end and got 8 points in a single game, making a great contribution to the team's victory.
So far, there are only two rounds left in the 11 rounds of confrontation. Although the Chinese women's volleyball team has touched the championship trophy with one hand, it really sounded the alarm for the Chinese women's volleyball team in the match against the Netherlands: The more critical the moment, the more they must do their best.
In another match on the 27th, the Russian and American women's volleyball teams played five sets, and the US team failed to take all three points from the opponent. Thus, as long as the Chinese women's volleyball team takes all three points in the match against Serbia, it can defend its title one round ahead of schedule.
All kinds of situations are developing in favor of the Chinese women's volleyball team.
However, although all six main players of the Serbian team are absent, this does not mean that they will easily give three points to the Chinese team.
Judging from the current form of the table, the Serbian team has basically missed the medal, which means that they can "play lightly" in the competition against the Chinese women's volleyball team, put down their burden and make every effort to attack the opponent, while the Chinese team is under pressure to win the championship, and their state may fluctuate.
In addition, the substitute Serbian team is not a lamb to be "cut by others." In the previous battle with the Dutch team, the two sides fought five sets, and the Serbian team finally reversed the Dutch main lineup 3: 2, which shows the depth of its lineup.
Before the start of the third stage of the competition, Lang Ping also said that both the Dutch and Serbian teams were not good to deal with: "The competition in Osaka will be very difficult. We still have to prepare carefully as always."
Now the horn of defending the title has been sounded, and the competition has really entered the "white-hot stage."
In terms of strength and lineup, the Chinese women's volleyball team is above the opponent, but at the last critical moment, it also depends on whether the women's volleyball girls can play their normal level and release themselves on the court.
The University of Macao held the "Second Macao Stem Cell Seminar" today (27th), attracting more than 100 experts and scholars from the United States, Singapore, the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macao and other countries and regions engaged in the field of "external stem cell" research to share and discuss the latest technology and development of stem cell research with teachers and students of Macao universities.
Ge Wei, Vice President (Research) of the University of Macao, said that stem cell research has medical value and is also one of the key research projects of the University of Macao. This seminar will help promote the research and development of Macao in the field of stem cells.
Ge Wei said that as a leading international comprehensive university on the west bank of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, Australia University is committed to building into a talent training base and science and technology innovation center on the west bank of the Greater Bay Area to help the innovative development of the Bay Area.
The seminar brought together stem cell research experts from home and abroad to share the latest technology, which will help promote stem cell research and development in Macao.
Deng Chuxia, dean of the School of Health Sciences of the University of Australia, said that the University of Australia has continuously strengthened scientific research innovation and transformation in recent years, and has also significantly improved the number and quality of papers. The University of Australia has also achieved fruitful results in stem cell research.
At the meeting, a group of well-known scholars shared the frontier knowledge and cutting-edge technology of stem cell research.
Ji Weizhi, academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and dean of the School of Primate Translational Medicine of Kunming University of Science and Technology in Yunnan, explained the process and molecular mechanism of using 3D culture system to study monkey and human embryos in vitro; Jing Naihe, researcher of the Shanghai Institute of Biochemical Cell of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, explained the spatial and temporal changes of cell lineage and tissue after the implantation of mouse embryos from the single cell and molecular level; Wang Yong, professor of Pennsylvania State University, showed everyone how to use biological material hydrogel to simulate stem cell micronests for survival and transport.
Xu Renhe, Vice President (Research) of the School of Health Sciences of the University of Australia, Chen Guokai, Assistant President, and Wang Chunming, Associate Professor of the Chinese Medical Research Institute of the University of Australia, also introduced their latest important results.
The "Second Macao Stem Cell Seminar" was hosted by the School of Health Sciences of the University of Macao, co-sponsored by the Chinese Medical Research Institute of the University of Macao and the National Key Laboratory of Chinese Quality Research of the University of Science and Technology of Macao. Chen Xiu'an, acting senior manager of the Macao Science and Technology Development Fund, and others participated in the meeting.
The seminar had 11 academic reports, including embryonic development and tissue generation, transformation medicine, mechanism research and transformation application of stem cells, biological materials and applications, etc.
The atmosphere of the seminar was warm, and the participants actively discussed and shared the latest research and views on relevant technologies.
Xu Renhe said that the seminar provided a platform for stem cell experts from Dawan District and other areas to exchange and cooperate, and also provided valuable learning opportunities for students.
The award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People.
XI Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, will award the "Republic Medal," "Friendship Medal" and "National Honor Medal" to the recipients of the National Medal and the National Honor Medal respectively, and deliver an important speech.
With the approval of the CPC Central Committee, the award ceremony of the National Medal and National Honor of the People's Republic of China will be held at 10 a.m. on September 29 at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
This is the "Order of the Republic."
The "Order of the Republic" is dominated by red and gold tones. The body of the medal uses the national emblem, five-pointed stars, the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, mountains, peonies and other elements. The chain uses Chinese knot, Ruyi, orchid and other elements. The whole is made using cold pressing molding, filament inlay, enamel and other techniques. It symbolizes the great contribution made by the recipients of the medal to the construction and development of the Republic, praises the highest honor of the country, wishes the prosperity of the motherland, and means that the people of all ethnic groups in the country unite to build the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
This is the "Order of Friendship."
The "Friendship Medal" is dominated by gold and blue tones. The seal body uses peace doves, earth, handshake, lotus and other elements. The chain uses Chinese knot, Wanqing, peony, jade, blue grass and other elements. The whole is made by hand using traditional crafts such as filament inlay and silk enamel, symbolizing the friendship and unity between the Chinese people and the people of other countries, and wishing all countries in the world common prosperity and development.
This is the National Medal of Honor.
The National Honorary Title Medal is dominated by red and gold tones. The chapter body uses five stars, Tiananmen, peony, flag, light and other elements. The chain uses Chinese knots, flowers and other elements. The whole is made using cold pressing molding, filament mosaic, enamel and other techniques. It symbolizes the great contributions made by the winners of the National Honorary Title in various fields and industries, highlights the demonstration and leading role, and inspires the people of all ethnic groups in the country not to forget their first heart, remember their mission and make unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
The Central Radio and Television Station and Xinhuanet will broadcast the award ceremony live. The People's Network, CCTV Network, China Network and other key central news websites will broadcast simultaneously with the People's Daily client, Xinhua News Agency client, CCTV news client and other new media platforms.
"For 70 years, the containment and defense measures taken by NATO have been based on maintaining technological superiority," Stoltenberg said in a speech at the US Military Academy at West Point.
But times are changing, he said.
Stoltenberg said, "The competition we encounter is becoming more and more intense.
Therefore, we should redouble our efforts now in order to be sure that no one will surpass us. "
He said, "Some new technologies are not developed by NATO member countries, but in authoritarian countries.
Chinese companies are studying 5G networks.
Russia is developing an independent Internet and investing heavily in developing the next generation of weapons, such as hypersonic missiles. "
Stoltenberg said that NATO's future security "depends on the ability to understand, accept and apply the latest advanced technology."
On September 24, the "One Ticket to Take Me to See" Love Helping the Disabled was held at Orange Isle, Changsha. More than 100 disabled people from Changsha were invited to board the Orange Zizhou Star Cruise to enjoy the magnificent scenery of the Xiangjiang River and jointly celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Most of the more than 100 disabled people who participated in the event boarded the cruise ship for the first time.
Zhao Zhengang, 56, is a disabled person. Because his feet are unable to move, he rarely goes out.
He said, "I took a cruise for the first time today, enjoyed the grandeur of the Xiangjiang River at close range and felt the pulse of the development of Changsha. I was very excited and unforgettable."
Volunteers from Changsha Fukang Social Work Service Center and Blue Sky Rescue Team provided meticulous services to the disabled.
Especially for clients with severe physical disabilities, volunteers will carry them to and from the cruise.
The relevant person in charge of Fukang Social Work Service Center said that over the past 70 years, with the support of the Party and the government, the cause of persons with disabilities in Changsha has continued to develop and progress. More and more persons with disabilities have truly become participants, contributors and beneficiaries of social and economic development. Caring for and helping persons with disabilities and caring for and supporting the cause of persons with disabilities has gradually become the consensus of the whole society.
The Republic is about to celebrate its 70th anniversary. The spotlight of various media suddenly lit up, making many images that we usually do not remember much shine - it was they who brought heat and light to our shining days...
However, if heroes walk around, they also seem ordinary like you and me.
Yuan Longping, who devoted himself to the study of rice and cultivated good seeds all over the world, so that hundreds of millions of people would no longer be in danger of hunger and grace. This Weng is usually like an old farmer who likes to walk in the fields; Nan Rendong, the chief scientist who worked hard to make China's "eyes of the sky" open angrily, nibbling on cold steamed bread in the deep mountains of Guizhou, is no different from the old man in the stockade; Zhou Ruchang, a red scholar, a village child who started late, is still like a red son, learning from China and the West, with a dishevelled white hair, and likes to laugh when talking about learning.
They seek benevolence and live a simple, simple and persistent life. As long as they are immersed in the cause that outsiders do not understand and they are proud of themselves, they will easily be happy and do not care about fame and wealth.
Like in Jin Yong's novels, the sweeping monk in the Tibetan Sutra Pavilion of Shaolin Temple, although he has amazing martial arts, is not flashy or proud, has no joy or sorrow.
Every "sweeping monk," every red heart, has a family responsibility behind it.
The responsibility of the family is not only on the shoulders of heroes, but also in the hands of hundreds of millions of people.
Once upon a time, the words of a female middle school student were turned crazy by netizens.
In fact, there is no contradiction between being a hero and applauding a hero.
The people clapping on the roadside are also transmitting heat and light, and they are also luminous bodies.
Ordinary as you and me, there are always some opportunities in life, some moments, a kind of accumulation, also shaping the appearance of heroes.
Zou Bihua, an outstanding judge in Shanghai, shouldered the heavy responsibility of judicial reform, but at the annual meeting, he asked the old master of the transmission room to take the stage to tell his story. He sent and received numerous newspapers and letters in a year, and made no mistakes. "To do simple things well, it is not simple." Zou Bihua led the judges to give applause to the "sweeping monk" style old man.
This is the love between heroes. One hero is applauding another.
The sweeping monk has the Tibetan Sutra Pavilion of Shaolin Temple, Yuan Longping has a vast rice experimental field, Nan Rendong has a "sky eye," Qin Yi has a stage and Zhou Ruchang has a forum... Whether he can be a hero depends not only on his own efforts, but also on a good environment and positive incentive mechanism.
For example, "China's Sky Eye" now seems to be a myth.
In the 1990s, China's scientific and technological circles were still climbing hard, and novelist Liu Cixin had not yet written "Three Bodies."
At that time, the most bullish "eye" was the single-sided caliber radio telescope in the valley of Puerto Rico Island in the United States, Arecibo, with a diameter of 350 meters, which was considered the most "unsurpassed" in the world.
At that time, the diameter of Chinese radio telescopes was less than one tenth of that of others.
Nan Rendong, who enjoys world-class scientific research conditions and salary in Japan, insisted on returning home and brought back an almost crazy idea: To build a new generation of radio "big telescope" in China to receive more messages from outer space!
China has a hundred waste waiting for prosperity, investing heavily to play with stars?
The motherland trusted Nan Rendong, and the "Sky Eye" project was launched.
It took 12 years to locate the site, and another 9 years to complete the project.
With the opening of the 500-meter caliber "sky eye," China has made a "unique scientific project in the world" without precedent.
Therefore, the "eyes of heaven" are great, Nan Rendong is great, and the Republic, which is big and stands tall, is great.
With the trust of the country and the goodwill of the people, Nan Rendong has the opportunity to become the soul of the country and the liver and courage of the people.
There are young talents, white-haired heroes passing by, and people clapping gently on the roadside. Such a country is beautiful and harmonious.
Garbage classification education first entered Jilin Kindergarten environmental protection concept from dolls
On the 27th, a kindergarten in Jilin City, Jilin Province, launched a garbage classification education class to teach young children to distinguish between recyclable garbage and other types of garbage.
It is reported that this is the first time that garbage classification has entered the local early childhood education classroom.
Recently, nine departments of Jilin Province jointly issued the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Domestic Waste in Local Level Cities in Jilin Province."
In 2019, on the basis of the pilot of compulsory classification of domestic waste in Changchun, the province decided to carry out the classification of domestic waste in prefecture-level cities.
Jilin City is one of them.
We hope that through this activity, we will realize the effect of using young children to drive families and kindergartens to drive society, and advocate the concept of environmental protection.
Liu Lijuan, executive director of Hi Fan International Kindergarten, who held the event, said.
On the same day, the director of the garden read out an environmental protection initiative, hoping that garbage classification would start with children.
After performing the "Low Carbon Beibei" dance, the children started a small garbage classification game in groups.
The instructor also issued "recyclable" "other garbage" labels, suggesting that the children stick the labels to the garbage can and record small videos when they return home.
Liu Lijuan introduced that the kindergarten has always advocated the concept of low carbon and green environmental protection, and regularly opens environmental protection lecture halls.
A classified garbage can has also been set up at the garbage placement place in the garden, which indicates the placement category.
The teacher taught the children what is recyclable garbage
According to preliminary statistics, Jilin Province produced about 5.4652 million tons of urban domestic waste in 2018, all of which entered the domestic waste disposal site for treatment.
Of these, 3.2929 million tons were landfill, 2.0923 million tons were burned, and 80,100 tons were treated by comprehensive utilization process.
After years of efforts, all cities and counties in the province have the ability of harmless treatment of domestic waste.
In the "Work Plan for Promoting the Classification and Treatment of Domestic Waste in prefecture-level Cities in Jilin Province," which has been issued, it is clearly required to carry out in-depth activities such as garbage classification into the campus, teaching materials and classrooms, and to strengthen the interaction between students and parents by creating garbage classification songs, ballads, comics, microvideos and other works, so as to achieve the effect of "educating a child, influencing a family, driving a community and cultivating a new generation."
The data released by Mazda on September 27 showed that the global sales in August was 117,015 vehicles.
Due to the lack of new cars and the reduction of price cuts, sales in China fell by 21%.
Japan's domestic sales decreased by 6%, and the demand for the last bus before the consumption tax increase in October was limited.
Mazda sold 17,729 vehicles in China in August.
August 2018 was also 13% lower than the previous year, and sales continued to decrease.
The sales of China's main SUV "CX-4" decreased by 14%.
"CX-4" has been on the market for a long time since 2016, and the effect of new cars has decreased.
The reduction of price reduction due to the strategy of improving brand value from a long-term perspective is also known to have a great impact on sales.
Mazda's sales in the United States increased by 7% year on year to 27,482 vehicles, an increase after 14 months.
In August, sellers had one more business day than the previous year. Together with "strengthening publicity and other promotional activities" (Mazda), the sales of SUV "CX-5" increased.
Domestic sales in Japan fell 6% to 14,422 vehicles.
The company said that the emergency rush before the tax increase "did not reach the level of the last time (2014)."
Sales of small cars such as "Demio" decreased.
Chirac's political legacy lasts forever
On the 26th local time, former French President Jacques Chirac died at the age of 86.
At a time when the world is undergoing great changes not seen in a hundred years, the many political legacies left by this French politician when he was in power are still worthy of our praise.
Chirac served as President of France for 12 years with great personal charm.
He not only inherited the independent diplomatic spirit of Gaullist, but also firmly supported European integration and was a representative figure in pursuing the "European dream."
At the same time, he also strongly advocates world multi-polarization and multilateralism, and is a politician with strategic vision.
For this reason, the French media rated him as "an outstanding representative of France on the world stage."
One of Chirac's interesting political decisions was to oppose the US-led war in Iraq.
Under his leadership, France joined hands with Germany to resist the pressure of the United States and was at the forefront of anti-war.
One year after the outbreak of the war, he predicted that the Iraq war would lead to the intensification of terrorist activities and make the world more dangerous.
Later facts proved that Chirac's warning was quite correct.
At a time when European integration is at a loss and American unilateralism is becoming more and more prominent, Chirac's strategic thinking and choice on international politics and global affairs undoubtedly have strong enlightening significance.
Chirac is also a French politician who makes the Chinese feel familiar and cordial.
He is one of the initiators and creators of the "golden decade" of Sino-French relations. After he was first elected President of France in 1995, he promoted the rapid development of Sino-French relations with the strategic vision of a politician.
In 2004, China and France established a comprehensive strategic partnership, and bilateral exchanges between China and France entered a new stage.
During Chirac's administration, the bilateral trade volume between China and France increased rapidly, and the cooperation between the two countries in many fields such as aviation, nuclear energy and railway transportation made breakthrough progress.
The Sino-French Cultural Year initiated by Chirac has created a new model of cultural exchange in the history of China and France.
Chirac's lifelong love for Chinese culture is particularly impressive.
According to Chinese diplomats who know him, Chirac can recite some poems of Li Bai and Du Fu, and can even accurately judge the historical age of Chinese bronze ware.
"Not looking at the pyramids is not really going to Egypt, not looking at the terracotta warriors is not really going to China" - this golden sentence comes from Chirac.
In an exclusive interview with Xinhua News Agency, Chirac said, "The West has concerns about China's political and social development, the ecological problems arising from China's economic growth and China's political status in the international arena.
But I myself have full confidence in China.
I believe that China is a country with a long history of civilization. Its experience is sufficient to help it establish the concept and values of achieving harmonious development and shoulder its responsibilities on the world stage for a long time. "
I also believe that the revival of China will bring new creative vitality to world culture and enrich world culture.
The people have gone, but Chirac's political legacy and enlightenment to the world will last forever.
The "7th China Computer Society Big Data Academic Conference," with the theme of "Digital Gathering Light Valley, Smart Enjoy the Future," was unveiled in Wuhan on the 27th. Nearly 1,000 experts, scholars and industry leaders in the field of big data research paid attention to the hot research issues of big data and interpreted the technological process of big data in the era of artificial intelligence.
The conference was hosted by the China Computer Society (CCF) and jointly hosted by the CCF Big Data Expert Committee and Huazhong University of Science and Technology. It organized 5 invited reports and 188 forum reports, and set up 33 thematic technology and industry sub-forums to exchange and discuss the research results of big data basic theory, big data education, big data visualization, big data finance and technology.
The CCF Big Data Academic Conference aims to strengthen contacts and exchanges between domestic and foreign scholars engaged in the field of big data and promote the cross-integration of multiple disciplines and the development of big data industry. After seven sessions, it has developed into the most influential big data academic conference in China, focusing on the exchange of scientific research results. The content of the conference has expanded to the fields of basic theory and technology application.
Establishment members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong SAR jointly opposed the US-Hong Kong bill
Some establishment members of the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong SAR issued a joint statement on the 27th, expressing strong opposition to the adoption of the "Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act 2019" by the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House and Senate of the US Congress.
The statement, co-sponsored by 40 establishment members, said that the rights currently enjoyed by Hong Kong are granted by the Basic Law of the Hong Kong SAR, including maintaining the status of a free trade port and a separate customs territory, trading, cooperating and developing relations with different countries and regions around the world under the name of "Hong Kong, China" in different fields such as economy, finance, shipping, trade, communications, tourism, culture and sports, and signing and implementing bilateral and multilateral agreements.
These rights are not granted by any foreign government or legislature.
All along, Hong Kong has strictly adhered to international agreements, international rules, laws and business ethics, traded with different countries and regions, and participated in cooperation in many related fields.
The statement said that the move of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House and Senate of the United States Congress to pass the relevant bill is not necessary, but only to respond to the call of its agents in Hong Kong, as a means of grossly interfering in Hong Kong's internal affairs and gaining political leverage for its agents in Hong Kong.
Establishment members deeply regret the US move and strongly oppose it.
The statement pointed out that Hong Kong is an important trading partner of the United States and the largest source of trade surplus.
Hong Kong's excellent rule of law, fair and free business environment and clean society make it a good place for American businessmen to do business.
If the US Congress passes this bill, in addition to hitting the interests of Hong Kong and the US itself, it will also make Sino-US relations worse.
The statement said that Hong Kong will, as always, unswervingly implement the principle of "one country, two systems," continue to enjoy the rights granted by the Basic Law and earnestly fulfill its obligations.
Whether in the past, present or future, Hong Kong will continue to make due contributions to the international community and international trade.
According to the report of the European Times on the 26th, both houses of the French Parliament will discuss the reform of immigration policy next week.
French President Emmanuel Macron recently claimed that France cannot "accept everyone," but at the same time try to "accept properly."
The report said that Macron tried to find a compromise route on immigration affairs to slow down the impact of the upcoming debate.
Recently, Macron expressed in an interview during the general debate of the General Assembly in New York, the United States, that he hoped to have a real "two-pronged" plan on immigration policy and find a balance between humanism and efficiency.
Macron said, "If France wants to be able to accept (immigrants) properly, it cannot accept everyone."
Macron listed four priorities of immigration policy: To grant asylum to refugees in need of protection as soon as possible; to promote the integration of immigrants more efficiently; to receive and protect all immigrants entering French territory; and to resettle more efficiently those who enter France illegally and are not suitable to stay.
Whether illegal immigrants should be protected by the "National Medical Assistance" (AME) system is the most discussed topic.
Macron said he hoped to be able to "evaluate" the system, but not abolish it, but impose certain restrictions on it.
After Macron's remarks, Le Pen, leader of the far-right "National Alliance," tweeted that Macron's statement was "empty talk."
Senate President Lasher, a member of the right-wing Republican Party, also said that immigration policy should be discussed in a "relaxed" but "realistic" manner, indirectly criticizing Macron.
Valao, a member of the leftist Socialist Party, believed that France should "accept more and better" on the issue of immigration, and criticized Macron for "manipulating" the issue.
The report points out that the new version of the Asylum and Immigration Law has been promulgated for one year. It has led to differences of opinion within the ruling party, but at the same time it cannot appease the right-wing opposition party.
In the next 2022 election, the topic of immigration policy will once again become the focus of attack by the extreme right. Macron needs to do something on this issue, but he will also risk provoking the left within the ruling party.
It is reported that the lower house of the French National Assembly will debate the immigration policy from September 30, while the Senate will debate it from October 2.
There are signs that China's A shares are ushering in a "repurchase wave," and many listed companies have taken out "real gold and silver" to buy back their shares.
According to the statistics of Oriental Wealth, a financial data service provider, as of the 27th, the total amount of repurchase of A-share listed companies in 2019 had exceeded 100 billion yuan (RMB, the same as below), far exceeding the data of the same period in previous years, setting a record high for the amount of repurchase of A-share shares.
In this regard, Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said that the overall valuation of the A-share market is low this year. Buying back shares at a relatively low price is conducive to listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage the market value and abundant cash flow, which is conducive to boosting investors' confidence.
In addition, the continuous improvement of the share repurchase system has also promoted listed companies to actively carry out share repurchase.
For example, at the beginning of this year, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange issued implementation rules for the repurchase of shares by listed companies, providing detailed norms and guidelines for the repurchase of shares by listed companies.
According to media statistics, since the beginning of this year, the listed companies that have implemented the repurchase plan are mainly concentrated in the infrastructure industry, the real estate industry, the information technology industry and the electronic equipment manufacturing industry.
In addition, judging from the amount of repurchase payments, six listed companies have repurchased more than 1 billion yuan this year.
Among them, at the top of the list is Yili shares, with a repurchase amount of more than 5 billion yuan.
What impact will the repurchase of shares by listed companies have on the market?
Zhao Xijun, deputy dean of the School of Finance and Finance of Renmin University of China, said in an interview with a reporter from China News Agency that on the one hand, the repurchase shows that the listed company has strong economic strength and good financial situation, has the ability to maintain the stability of the share price and give investors confidence; on the other hand, it also shows that the listed company and its controlling shareholders are responsible to the company, responsible to the market and responsible to investors.
The former is based on the company's good business performance, while the latter requires listed companies and their controlling shareholders to have high quality.
For the capital market, these are the most core basic elements.
The repurchase of shares by listed companies is conducive to boosting investors' confidence and has a supporting effect on the stock prices of listed companies.
According to the Oriental Securities Research Report, based on the estimated number of stock repurchases set by A-share listed companies since the beginning of this year, as well as the average transaction price of shares repurchased, the incremental funds brought by stock repurchases to the A-share market this year are expected to exceed 150 billion yuan.
After nearly two months, the restoration of the large mural "Holy Scripture Map" of Tianjin Tin Hau Palace, a national key cultural protection unit, ended on the 26th and will be reopened to the public during this year's National Day.
"The Holy Scripture Map" is a large traditional mural that comprehensively reflects Mazu's life.
With the approval of the relevant state departments, it was painted by Cai Changkui, former director of Tianjin Folk Museum (Tin Hau Palace), from 1991 to 1994.
It is understood that this mural is painted on the south and north palace walls of the main hall of the Tin Hau Palace. It is 32 meters long and 2.6 meters high.
Cai Changkui said that in recent years, Tianjin has been rainy in summer and dry in winter. This "one wet and one dry" has led to the rupture of murals, which accounts for 60% of the total area of murals.
In order to protect and rescue the murals of Mazu's deeds, the Management Committee of Guwen Hua Street, Nankai District, Tianjin, and the Tin Hau Palace initiated the restoration project of the main hall of the Tin Hau Palace and the murals in the temple.
The restoration project was led by Cai Changkui and invited four famous Chinese painters to participate together.
The restoration work is based on the principle of 'repairing the old as the old'. At the same time, it has also adjusted the local content of the original murals and made supplementary repairs to the places where the murals were not perfect.
In the restoration, we also made innovations and attempts in color, materials, pen and ink.
After the restoration, the style, spirituality, spirit and artistic style of the original frescoes were maintained.
Tin Hau Palace was built in 1326. It was originally named Tian Fei Palace, commonly known as Lady's Palace. It has been rebuilt many times. It is the oldest building complex in downtown Tianjin and one of the earliest existing Mazu temples in China.
On September 25, the delivery ceremony of Beijing Daxing International Airport was held.
The shape of the terminal of Beijing Daxing International Airport means "Phoenix spreading its wings," which is known as the first of the "Seven Wonders of the New World."
At present, Beijing Capital International Airport is already overloaded, carrying 100 million + passengers last year, becoming the second airport in the world with an annual passenger throughput of more than 100 million after Atlanta Airport in the United States.
It is estimated that by 2022, the passenger throughput of Beijing Daxing International Airport will reach 45 million, with international flights accounting for 20%; by 2025, the passenger throughput will reach 72 million, and the proportion of international flights is expected to reach 30%.
As a "new country," how cool is it?
Beijing Daxing International Airport is located between Daxing District of Beijing and Guangyang District of Langfang City, Hebei Province. The direct distance from Tiananmen is 46 kilometers. It is the largest newly built airport in the world.
The roof of its terminal building has a surface projection area of 180,000 square meters, the size of 25 standard football fields.
Beijing Daxing International Airport is the world's first terminal with two arrival floors and two departure floors - F1-F4 is international arrival, domestic arrival, domestic departure and international departure respectively.
The double-decker bridge connecting the high speed and the airport outside the terminal corresponds to the terminal F3 and F4 respectively - the upper level for international departure and the upper level for domestic departure.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport opened the era of "double airport" in Beijing.
The new airport is positioned as a large international aviation hub, a new power source for national development and a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei regional integrated transport hub that supports the construction of Xiong'an New Area. Up to now, a total of 66 airlines are interested in entering Beijing Daxing International Airport, including 20 domestic airlines, 46 Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan regional and foreign airlines.
In the 2019 winter and spring season, Beijing Daxing International Airport is expected to open 116 routes, including 101 domestic routes and 15 international routes, covering 112 destinations around the world, including 97 domestic destinations and 15 international destinations.
This and Beijing Capital International Airport form a "dual hub" airport pattern of coordinated development, moderate competition and international first-class competitiveness, which not only relieves the operating pressure of the saturated capacity of the Capital Airport, but also better meets the urgent needs of the rapid growth of air transport in Beijing and surrounding areas, and effectively enhances the international competitiveness of China's civil aviation industry.
In order to ensure efficiency and quality, Beijing Daxing International Airport takes full account of the geographical location, the relationship between the airport and the surrounding airspace and operating environment. The airport runway adopts an "all-directional" layout for the first time in China, adopts the world's largest air traffic control automation system, and establishes China's largest terminal control area, which can maximize aviation operation efficiency.
For the first time, domestic airports of this size have used a domestic automatic luggage processing and information management system, adopting an innovative luggage transmission mode to improve the processing efficiency of the luggage system.
The first flight of Beijing Daxing International Airport indicates that Phoenix will spread its wings and take off.
This new airport, which has created more than 40 international and domestic firsts, with a localization rate of more than 98%, will certainly have a direct and indirect economic impact on the industries in the surrounding areas and inject vitality into Beijing's economic development.
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold a conference in November to lower the age of joining the Party to 16
Ma Hua is tentatively scheduled to hold the Central Congress in early November and intends to amend the Party Constitution to lower the age of joining the Party to 16.
As the National Assembly passed the lowering of the voting age for the general election, Ma Hua announced that the 66th Central Congress to be held this year would put forward proposals to amend the Party Constitution, including lowering the age for Ma Hua to join the Party from the current 18 to 16.
Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of Ma Hua, said that the Ma Hua Central Committee was scheduled to hold the Central Congress on November 2 and 3 this year, but due to the by-election of the National Assembly seat of Danjung Biai, the date of the congress may change.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet on October 1 to finalize the nomination date and polling day for the by-election of Danjung Biai, they will meet the next day, October 2, to discuss whether to change the date of this year's Central Congress.
He also explained that the purpose of convening the Central Committee yesterday (26th) was to finalize the date of the congress and amend the Party Constitution, but it happened that Dato Mohamad Fali, a member of the National Assembly of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of illness, so he joined the agenda of the by-election.
Wang Boxiang, former Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province
Wang Boxiang, a native of Shouguang, Shandong Province, was born in February 1943 and joined the work in 1967. He served successively as township party secretary, county party secretary and mayor.
In 1986, Wang Boxiang was the Party Secretary of Shouguang County, Shandong Province. At that time, Shouguang was a poor county in Weifang.
During his five years in Shouguang, Wang Boxiang, with a heart for the people, concentrated on three things: First, to promote the industrialization of vegetables; second, to develop Shoubei Salt and Alkaline Beach; and third, to lay the foundation for the transformation of industry, so that Shouguang people have bulged their pockets and raised their waist.
Shouguang farmers have a tradition of growing vegetables and have also had lessons in growing vegetables.
In the early 1980s, Shouguang farmers had a good harvest of vegetables but could not sell them and were rotten in the fields.
Wang Boxiang found that the key to catching vegetables is to do a good job in circulation.
Shouguang took the lead in building a vegetable wholesale market, opening the prelude to the development of market economy.
Party members and cadres should take the lead. If they screw up, the county will bear all the losses.
In 1989, with the support of Wang Boxiang, 17 Party members such as Wang Leyi of Sanyuanzhu Village set up 17 winter warm vegetable sheds. In that year, 17 "double Wanyuan households" appeared in the village.
Subsequently, the county set up a promotion group. Under the mobilization of Wang Boxiang, Wang Leyi toured various towns and villages to guide. In the first year, more than 5,000 vegetable sheds were promoted. After that, the vegetable sheds were pushed to the whole county and even the whole country.
For thousands of years, 1.6 million acres of land in Shoubei, in addition to salt and alkaline beaches, are shallow beaches.
The life of the local people is very difficult.
Shounan has a vegetable shed. What about Shoubei?
Wang Boxiang organized hundreds of thousands of people to fight a big battle and camped on the barren alkali beach for 40 or 50 days.
Wang Boxiang and the leading cadres in the county ate and lived on the construction site. Like the migrant workers, they carried the burden and slept rough. When the common people saw them, they stretched out their thumbs and admired them... At that time, Shoubei developed 150,000 mu of shrimp ponds, 200,000 mu of salt fields and 600,000 mu of cotton fields, and developed a "treasure basin" on the salt and alkaline beach.
In July 1986, Wang Boxiang participated in the Weifang Industrial Conference for the first time as the county party secretary.
During the meeting, a "comparative table of industrial economic figures of 12 counties and cities in Weifang City" was issued. At first glance, the total industrial output value, Shouguang is good, ranking fourth.
However, if the raw salt is removed, Shouguang's pure industrial output value is only 119 million yuan, ranking third from the bottom.
Wang Boxiang took a group of more than 70 people and went abroad to "change his mind."
In less than a year, the county invested 150 million yuan in 77 projects.
Since then, "learning groups" have been organized every year to learn lessons in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Shanghai.
Shouguang lacks enterprises and even more entrepreneurs.
Wang Boxiang presided over a special meeting: In the public selection of factory directors and managers in the county, 40 "capable people with a sense of enterprise" stood out and were pushed to the front line of industry.
In 1991, Shouguang entered the ranks of the top 100 counties in the country, and Wang Boxiang was transferred to the deputy mayor of Weifang.
What he left behind was more than 200,000 vegetable sheds, 1.2 million acres of cotton fields, salt fields and shrimp ponds, 4,854 enterprises, more than 100,000 "Wanyuan households," and a cadre team recognized by the people. The people of Shouguang still affectionately call him "our Secretary Boxiang."
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over a meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Foreign Minister Tano of Cote d'Ivoire, Foreign Minister Oyono of Equatorial Guinea, Foreign Minister Pandor of South Africa, Foreign Minister Kara of Niger and Foreign Minister Jesinawi of Tunisia attended the meeting.
Wang Yi put forward four suggestions on strengthening cooperation between China and Africa in the Security Council.
First, strength by unity.
The biggest challenge in the current international situation is unilateralism. The direct consequence is that the basic norms of international relations are challenged and the role of the United Nations is affected, to the detriment of the interests of the vast number of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries, including African countries.
To meet this challenge, China and Africa need to hold hands and shoulder to shoulder, and unity has strength.
In the Security Council, the three African countries speak with one voice, focusing not only on three votes, but on the entire African continent.
When China and Africa stand together, it is not just four votes, but will lead other countries to follow suit, influence and shape the agenda of the Security Council.
Since 2018, China has established a "3 + 1" coordination mechanism with African members of the Security Council. We should make full use of this coordination mechanism.
Second, resolve disputes through consultation.
China has always advocated the political settlement of hot issues. Africa has a good tradition of consultation and the experience of successful mediation by African regional and subregional organizations.
Many complex problems on the agenda of the Security Council, especially African hot spots, are mostly the root causes of colonialism, while others are directly related to external factors.
We should jointly use Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations and give full play to the role of the United Nations in good offices and mediation.
Third, rely on self-improvement.
African countries and people know Africa's problems best, and Africa has the ability and wisdom to solve its own problems.
When dealing with African hot issues, the Security Council should pay attention to listening to and respecting Africa's will, should play the role of regional and subregional organizations, and should encourage and support endogenous solutions from Africa.
China is willing to strengthen coordination with Africa and firmly promote the capacity building of Africa's independent peace operations.
Fourth, rely on development to cure the root causes.
China and the vast number of African countries are developing countries. We should insist on putting economic and social development first and support each other's chosen development path.
China is willing to closely link the construction of the "Belt and Road" with the African Union Agenda 2063, the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and the development strategies of African countries, so as to help African countries enhance their development capacity and eliminate the root causes of conflicts.
We should jointly promote the United Nations to increase its investment in Africa's development.
The Ebola epidemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has broken out again. China has made and will continue to make every effort to help, provide human and material assistance within its capacity, and is willing to coordinate actions with African countries, mobilize the United Nations, WHO and others to increase their assistance, and give full play to the role of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Neonatal pediatrics and other relay to save small lives.
Thrilling!
The second pregnant mother had an early attack. On the way to the hospital in a hurry, a 32-week premature baby couldn't wait to be born on her father's car.
Fortunately, obstetricians and neonatal pediatricians dealt with it in time and saved the little life.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the obstetrics and neonatal pediatrics of Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on the 120 emergency vehicle, both 29 weeks premature babies.
Ms. Cheng is a pregnant mother with a second child. At 7: 00 am on September 19, she felt a little pain in her stomach. Thinking that she was 32 weeks pregnant and that the first child was also premature, she packed up her waiting items and was ready to go directly to the hospital after taking a bath.
After 9: 30, Ms. Cheng packed up and asked her husband to drive from Xu Dong's home to the hospital.
I did not expect that soon after the car left the house, the baby could not wait to be born on his father's car.
After 20 minutes, Ms. Cheng and the baby finally arrived at the obstetrics and gynecology building of Hubei Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
When the hospital security guard saw the flustered husband and wife and the baby, he immediately informed the maternity ward. Deputy Chief Physician Zhang Huan and other four doctors and midwife Liu Yanyan rushed downstairs with the delivery bag and umbilical cord plate.
"At that time, the mother was half lying on the co-driver of the car, with amniotic fluid and blood under her body. A baby boy was nearby and was connected to the umbilical cord."
Zhang Huan asked and learned that the baby was a 32-week premature baby. During the journey, the parents did not have time to cover the child. The early autumn morning was already cool. His skin was pale with cold, he did not cry and his limbs were paralyzed.
Liu Yanyan rushed to the co-driver to handle the umbilical cord for the baby. Zhang Huan drilled in from the cab, quickly opened the delivery bag, wrapped several layers of warmth for the child with the treatment towel and the delivery bag cloth, and cleaned the respiratory tract for the newborn (pictured), and then carried the baby to the neonatal pediatrics on the 12th floor.
After learning the news, the neonatal pediatric medical staff immediately rushed to the nurse station to rescue the premature baby on the spot.
At that time, the baby's face was purple and there was suffocation and lack of oxygen. The doctor immediately gave him tracheal intubation. In less than a minute, the baby regained his heartbeat, the skin color gradually returned to ruddy, and the recovery was successful.
After being admitted to hospital, the 32-week-old baby was put on a ventilator. After continuous rescue, his breathing was stable and he was successfully evacuated the next day.
After a week of treatment, the baby's vital signs are stable, breathing is smooth, and has begun to breastfeed in small quantities.
Coincidentally, on the 19th, 20th and 21st, the hospital's obstetrics and neonatal pediatrics received three premature babies born on the road for three consecutive days. The other two were born on the 120 emergency vehicle, both were premature babies of 29 weeks, and are currently being actively treated in neonatal pediatrics.
Sun Guoqiang, director of obstetrics at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, said that in recent years, the provincial women and children have received many babies born on the subway and in private cars. If this situation is not handled well, it may threaten the life safety of the mother and child.
Director Sun reminded that once pregnant mothers have abdominal pain, broken water, red and other phenomena, they should come to the hospital immediately.
In case of being in the basin at home or on the road, the mother should lie flat as much as possible and can put a blanket under her buttock to prevent the baby from hitting the ground after delivery. The child should keep warm immediately after delivery and be sent to the doctor as soon as possible.
Vietnam New Aviation Technology Company officially opened
The establishment of VSTEA is one of the details of the memorandum of cooperation signed between VAECO and ST Engineering Aerospace in April 2018, marking the emergence of Vietnam's first aircraft equipment maintenance and repair joint company.
Two first-class aviation technology companies from Vietnam and Singapore cooperate to provide aircraft equipment maintenance and repair services to domestic and foreign airlines.
Yang Zhicheng, general manager of Vietnam Airlines, said that the company's partner, ST Engineering Aerospace, is the largest and highest level aircraft maintenance group in the world.
Vietnam Airlines believes that this cooperation will bring benefits to both sides and is also the beginning of a promising cooperative relationship between the two sides in the future.
Lim Serh Ghee, president of ST Engineering Aerospace, said that the sharing of rich experience between Vietnam Airlines and ST Engineering will help the associated companies to provide international level maintenance and repair services and contribute to ensuring the flight safety of various airlines.
The birth of VSTEA will help Vietnam Airlines to join the aircraft equipment maintenance and repair market with great potential.
At the same time, it ushered in a great opportunity to contact modern technology and train senior aviation technicians.
Thus, it can better meet the sustainable development needs of Vietnam's aviation industry.
Research shows that manufacturing has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, September 27, recently, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform released the "White Paper on Global Manufacturing Innovation Index" in Hefei, Anhui Province.
The white paper shows that the manufacturing industry has become the focus of attention of major countries around the world.
This is what the reporter learned at the "2019 World Manufacturing Conference Intellectual Property Operation and Protection Forum" held in Hefei.
The forum focused on intellectual property rights to help China's manufacturing upgrading. From the macro level of policy interpretation and the micro perspective of enterprise practice, it comprehensively explored innovative measures for the operation and protection of intellectual property rights in the manufacturing field, thoroughly discussed the hot topics of intellectual property protection in the manufacturing industry, continuously enhanced the ability of high-quality use of intellectual property rights, and accelerated the construction of the advantages of intelligent upgrading of the manufacturing industry.
The forum invited scholars from the State Intellectual Property Office, the Chinese Academy of Sciences and experts from relevant domestic and foreign industry organizations and professional research institutions to share experiences and make suggestions on how to strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights and promote the use of intellectual property rights.
At the forum, the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration Bureau released the report "Analysis and Evaluation of the Quality of Innovation Development in Patent Navigation Anhui Province.
The forum was hosted by the Anhui Provincial People's Government and jointly hosted by the Anhui Provincial Market Supervision and Administration Bureau, the National Intellectual Property Operation Public Service Platform and the China Intellectual Property Development Alliance.
The 2019 China Open was unveiled today. Many Olympic champions participated in the opening ceremony
Many Olympic champions participating in the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Motherland" with the Youth Choir
The 2019 China Open will officially start shooting at the National Tennis Center today. Before the first match in the evening, the organizing committee will hold a short and grand opening ceremony. Many Olympic champions and sports celebrities will gather at the Diamond Court. The guests and spectators participating in the opening ceremony will sing "Me and My Motherland" together with the children of the Youth Choir.
In the next nine days, including the National Day Golden Week, Beijing will once again usher in a tennis boom, and the National Tennis Center will become a good place for fans on holidays.
Since its inception in 2004, the China Open has gone through 15 spring and autumn. This year is the 16th time.
The total prize money for this year's China Open also reached a record high, reaching US $11.16 million.
Among them, the total prize money for the women's crown competition is US $7.64 million. Compared with the two crown competitions of Indian Wells and Miami, the last two women's singles competitions are 96, while the Chinese net is 60, so for the players, the Chinese net competition is more "cost-effective."
The total prize money for the men's ATP 500 is a record high, rising from US $3.4 million last year to US $3.52 million. The prize money continues to lead the ATP 500, while the total prize money for the ATP 500 Tokyo Station held in the same week is about US $2 million.
There will be a short and grand opening ceremony before the first match scheduled on Centre Court tonight.
In addition to the leaders and some players, there will be 10 best players from various fields of Chinese sports, including Olympic champions and world champions.
The first match on the Central Court arranged after the opening ceremony was a WTA first round match, with China's Jinhua Peng Shuai against Russia's Casagina. The next second match was played by American rookie Sofia Kenning challenging the 2015 China Open women's singles champion Muguraza, thus opening the curtain of the 2019 China Open.
"The most beautiful unmarried princess in the world" is engaged!
According to the British Metro, Buckingham Palace announced on the 26th that British Princess Beatrice and Mozi were engaged.
It is reported that Mozzi is a 34-year-old Italian billionaire, mainly engaged in real estate development.
Beatrice will marry the real estate tycoon next year (2020).
Princess Beatrice is the granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, the eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York. She ranks fifth in the order of succession to the British throne and is known as "the most beautiful unmarried princess in the world."
The Duchess of York posted a photo of her daughter's engagement on the social network on the 26th and said, "We are very happy to announce that Princess Beatrice and Mr. Mozzi are engaged."
Britain said the two got engaged in Italy earlier this month.
The engagement photo was taken by Beatrice's sister, Eugenie.
'We are very happy to share the news of our engagement, 'the pair said in a statement.
We are excited to be able to embark on the journey of life together. We can't wait to get married.
We have many similar interests and ideas, which will make us more stable, full of love and happiness in the years to come.
Up to three points for a free throw?
On the 27th Beijing time, the NBA Development League announced the trial of the new penalty rules. Each penalty shot is only once, and the score is determined by the foul situation.
O'Neill has a low free throw rate among NBA stars.
The new regulations stipulate that two points can be scored for a two-point shooting foul, three points can be scored for a three-point shooting foul, and one point can be scored for a foul.
The last two minutes of the regular time and the overtime match follow the previous penalty rules.
Although this regulation is only tried out in the NBA Development League in the new season, fans are more concerned about the impact on the current players if the regulation is implemented in the NBA.
At present, many people believe that the new rules may be beneficial to "Big Beard" Harden, while James, who is not so good at free throws, will "suffer."
Wuhan promotes the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises with a subsidy of up to 20 million yuan
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the "Celebrating New China and Welcoming the Military Games" city series conference held by the Wuhan Municipal Government Information Office that since the beginning of this year, the city has accelerated the transformation of industrial intelligence and implemented a transformation subsidy of up to 20 million yuan.
Up to now, information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises above the scale has been collected.
Zhang Hong, deputy director of Wuhan Economic and Informatization Bureau, introduced that since this year, Wuhan has launched an action plan for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, providing free consultation and diagnosis services and proposing solutions for industrial enterprises above the scale in need, and comprehensively promoting a new round of technological transformation of high-level enterprises.
According to the plan, Wuhan publicly selects a number of professional diagnostic service agencies every year to conduct a survey on the needs of intelligent transformation for all industrial enterprises above the city's scale through the opening of columns, questionnaires and door-to-door filing.
Up to now, it has collected information on the intelligent transformation needs of more than 800 industrial enterprises, accounting for nearly one third of the number of industrial enterprises above the city's scale.
Five municipal diagnostic platforms have organized teams to enter enterprises in batches to carry out "one-to-one" on-site evaluation and scheme demonstration.
Zhang Hong introduced that at present, the city is organizing the implementation of 373 intelligent transformation projects, with a total planned investment of 29.76 billion yuan. A number of leading smart workshops and smart factories in the industry, such as Hongxin Communications Huazhong's first 5G intelligent production line, Motorola's national leading smart mobile phone production line, Wuhan Siemens transformer digital unmanned factory, the country's first mass satellite production line, Huisheng Biology's world leading new veterinary drug intelligent production line, Obang smart home Internet of Things intelligent production line, have started construction successively.
In addition, Wuhan has also increased its financial support for intelligent transformation projects.
Among them, including those who carry out intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, the investment will be completed according to their actual situation; including investment in equipment hardware and soft investment in research and development, a transformation subsidy of 8% and up to 20 million yuan will be given.
At the same time, it actively cooperates with the Bank of Communications, the Wuhan Branch of Zhejiang Commercial Bank and other financial institutions to provide personalized financial services for the intelligent transformation of industrial enterprises, and vigorously alleviate the financing pressure of enterprises.
Can Trudeau be successfully re-elected?
The "big hole" that tripped Trudeau out this time was dug by Trudeau himself.
Recently, the Canadian media revealed a number of old photos of current Prime Minister Trudeau, in which Trudeau dressed himself as a black man.
This was considered an obvious act of racial discrimination, which immediately caused an uproar in Canada.
After the incident, Trudeau repeatedly apologized to the public.
However, the Canadian public is not buying it.
Trudeau threw a stone at his feet.
As political commentator Riley and others pointed out, since the rise of the "anti-blackface movement" from the United States, Trudeau and the Federal Liberal Party have been accusing the opposition party or dissidents in their own party of "big losses" in this regard, and have repeatedly threatened that "whoever makes this mistake should be dismissed immediately."
In short, the "big hole" that tripped Trudeau out this time was dug by Trudeau himself.
Trudeau is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. He is young and handsome. When he first came out, he had a whirlwind of "political idols."
Originally a "political person," after taking over as the head of the Federal Liberal Party, he fought an unexpectedly beautiful battle in the 2015 Canadian federal legislative election - the Federal Liberal Party won more than half of the seats in the Federal House of Commons and won the valuable right to form a cabinet alone.
At that time, Trudeau put forward many deafening platforms and ideas, such as "ethnic and gender equality," "ecological environmental protection," "economic revitalization," emphasizing the elimination of corruption and "irregularities."
However, in the five years since he came to power, he has been "high and low" in almost all the above aspects.
Taking the issue of "ethnic and gender equality," leaving aside the "black face" incident, he "paid lip service" to a series of issues related to the indigenous people, causing the indigenous groups and leaders to move the protest tent to the gate of Capitol Hill on the 150th anniversary of the founding of Canada.
In terms of eliminating corruption, at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Trudeau was involved in the "Lan Wanling Incident."
It was revealed that the construction engineering company "Lan Wanling" in his hometown had a major case of favoritism and malpractices, and put pressure on the departments and officials responsible for the investigation and investigation, asking the latter to "raise their hands."
Moreover, after the incident, Trudeau was angry with the official who disclosed the corruption case - Wang Zhoudi mentioned earlier was the then Attorney General of Canada who was the first to disclose the corruption case and directly handled the case.
Although the case itself still has doubts, its suspicion is difficult to wash away.
Many observers pointed out that the collapse of Trudeau's five years in power was mainly caused by his own "digging the pit," and the biggest "pit" was the three articles of "tiger head and snake tail," "boomerang" and "lenient to himself and strict to the law."
Canada's most authoritative Angus Reid poll data show that since 2015, the number of respondents supporting Trudeau has slipped from more than 60% to more than 30%, while the number of opponents has never soared from 30% to more than 60%.
Although the performance of other opposition parties and their party leaders is equally poor, even a considerable number of voters who are still willing to vote for the Federal Liberal Party now do not agree with the federal prime minister and the head of the ruling party.
On October 21, the new Canadian federal legislative election is about to begin. Can Trudeau repeat the drama of his great victory five years ago?
The answer may be one word: Difficult.
Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development integration, it has far-reaching influence and positive significance.
On September 25, Beijing Daxing International Airport was officially opened.
The Beijing News reporter learned from the Beijing Municipal Development and Reform Commission that the Capital Airport is already in a state of oversaturated operation. The opening of Daxing International Airport will enhance the capital's air service capacity.
After Shanghai, Beijing has become the second city in China to have two airports in the same city. Similar to Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, which mainly serves domestic aviation affairs, Pudong Airport is dominated by international shipping aviation. In the future, Capital Airport and Daxing Airport will also provide more subdivided services by serving the differentiated positioning of different domestic and international aviation services.
The navigation of Daxing Airport, from the perspective of business development, has more positive impact on the Capital Airport.
The passenger throughput of Capital Airport exceeded 100 million in 2018, ranking first in the country, but compared with the rapidly growing business demand, there is still a significant capacity gap, especially the demand for international routes.
In order to better serve the travel and travel needs of domestic and foreign passengers, and to adapt to the urban development trend of Beijing's increasing openness and international integration, Daxing International Airport is positioned as a large international hub airport, planning to meet the annual passenger throughput of 100 million and cargo and mail throughput of 4 million tons in the future.
Therefore, the positioning of the two airports does not overlap, they are aimed at different customer groups, and both have sufficient market space.
From the economic point of view, the navigation of Daxing International Airport will obviously form a win-win effect, alleviate the tight situation of Beijing's aviation capacity, accelerate the growth rate of passenger and cargo throughput, and create an incremental cake for the dual core operation of Capital Airlines.
From the user's point of view, with the navigation of Daxing International Airport, there is no need to concentrate on the travel of the Capital Airport in the future. It can also reduce a series of problems caused by the excessive concentration of routes, such as the longer security time, the slower boarding speed of passengers, indirectly increasing the stay time of aircraft and passengers at the airport, increasing the burden of airport operation, reducing the burden of shipping through the Capital Airport, and actually improving the travel experience of passengers.
According to the media's estimates of the time and cost of various transport routes to large international airports, for example, from the South Fifth Ring, you can take the Jingkai Expressway directly to the Daxing Airport Expressway. If you drive, you can reach it in 50 minutes. The oil cost is about 40 yuan and the high-speed fee is 15 yuan. If you choose the rail transit subway Daxing Airport Line, the journey is limited to 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers, and the fare is divided into 10 yuan, 25 yuan and 35 yuan. Citizens can also take the Jingxiong Intercity, which takes only more than 20 minutes from Beijing West Station to Daxing Airport Station.
Overall, citizens have a variety of means of transportation to Daxing Airport, and the cost and time are within a reasonable range.
From the perspective of trend development: Daxing Airport is positioned as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei traffic hub, so it is a little far from the urban area of Beijing, but it strengthens the radiation to Hebei and Tianjin, facilitates the travel of more people, and is of great significance for driving the economic development of Hebei and Tianjin.
In the future, passengers from Hebei and Tianjin can enjoy more international air route services provided by Daxing International Airport, which can be seen from the traffic planning of Daxing Airport.
The supporting traffic facilities of Daxing Airport are very perfect. In addition to the new airport line from downtown Beijing to Daxing Airport, there are many expressways connecting Daxing Airport with the surrounding areas.
Just as passengers from Dongguan, Foshan, Qingyuan and other cities in Guangdong can go to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport through Guangfu, Guangshen and other expressways, residents of Langfang and Xiong'an New Area around Beijing will also benefit from Daxing Airport and obtain convenient and efficient air services.
From this, it can be seen that the navigation of Daxing International Airport has not only added a few runways and a few aircraft. Whether from the level of enterprise competition, consumer experience, or from the level of regional aviation integration and the integration of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei development, it has a profound impact and positive significance. It is not only related to the long-term layout and development of Beijing's shipping industry, providing diversified choices for the travel of the majority of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei residents, promoting the further improvement of the service quality of Beijing's shipping industry, but also conducive to promoting the process of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration and promoting the economic and trade development of the areas around Daxing Airport.
Therefore, for the navigation of Daxing Airport, we should not only calculate the small account of the individual, but also the large account of the overall development.
Small and medium-sized board index rose 1.46% on the 27th - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, September 27 (reporter Zhao Ruixi) On the 27th, the small and medium-sized board index opened higher and higher, and finally closed at 6077.23 points, up 87.55 points, or 1.46%, over the previous trading day.
On that day, the transaction value of small and medium-sized boards was 108 billion yuan, a decrease of 31.9 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
Of the stocks traded on the small and medium-sized board on the same day, 668 stocks closed up, 15 stocks such as Honggao Creative rose; 222 stocks closed down, 4 stocks such as Shun Wei shares fell; and 40 stocks such as Weixing shares closed flat.
2019 Vietnam Economic and Social Issues Forum held in Chengtian Hue Province
Nguyen Dejian, deputy director of the Economic Committee of the National Assembly of Vietnam, revealed that at the beginning of this year, Vietnam's economic and social development showed many new improvements and continued to maintain the growth trend.
The forum focused on the outstanding economic and social issues in the first few months of 2019 and put forward measures for economic and social development at the end of 2019 and 2020.
At the forum, the participants had an in-depth exchange of views and views on four topics, including the economic development in 2019 and the impact of some FTAs, some outstanding problems in Vietnam's economy in 2019, outstanding problems in Vietnam's social culture in 2019, and forecasts and suggestions for Vietnam's economic and social development in 2020.
Delegates generally agreed that in the first few months of 2019, global economic growth slowed down and risks and challenges increased.
Trade friction between major economies has further shrunk global trade and investment.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) believes that although the global economy is full of uncertainty, of which 70% of the world's economies are in a state of stagnant growth, Vietnam's economic development has made many gratifying achievements. The macro-economy is operating smoothly and inflation is effectively controlled. The consumer price index increased by an average of 2.64% in the first half of 2019, the lowest increase in the past three years.
GDP grew by 6.76% in the first half of 2019, although lower than the 7.05% in the same period last year, but compared with the level of the same period in 2011-2017, the increase is still high.
When predicting the development trend of Vietnam's economy in 2019-2020, Deng Deying, deputy director of Vietnam's National Economic and Social Forecasting Center, said that under the background of the world economic turmoil, Vietnam's economy showed a high growth momentum in 2019.
It is expected that by 2020, Vietnam's macro-economy will continue to remain basically stable, the implementation of various FTAs will promote trade development, economic restructuring and the improvement of the business environment will be further strengthened, and Vietnam's foreign export activities will show a downward trend due to the impact of trade friction.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the monitoring, forecasting and early warning mechanism, take the initiative to find trade relief measures for Vietnam's export commodities, find opportunities to expand new export markets, and create convenience for the export of agricultural and aquatic products and other commodities.
At the same time, the inflation rate will be controlled at a reasonable level, thus promoting the development of auxiliary industries and supporting the development of high-tech agriculture, organic agriculture and ecological agriculture.
Liu Zhijie, director of the Consular Office of the Chinese Embassy in Cambodia in Siem Reap, held a reception in Siem Reap on the 26th to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China.
Liu Zhijie said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, China has actively participated in international affairs, contributed more Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to improving global economic governance and promoting global common development, made important contributions to world peace and development, and also brought tangible benefits to Cambodia's economic development and people's well-being.
Liu Zhijie said that as the second largest economy in the world, China's contribution to world economic growth is more than 30%. In particular, China's "Belt and Road" initiative, the cooperation between China's local provinces and cities and the provinces of Siem Reap and the region is deepening.
He said that this year is the opening year of 61 years of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. The two countries have a brotherly friendship, and the mutually beneficial cooperation between China and Cambodia will become the driving force of local economic and social development.
Siem Reap Governor Disaiha highly praised the great achievements made by New China in the past 70 years and congratulated China and Cambodia on the results of friendly cooperation.
Disaiha expects both sides to continue to work together to promote Sino-Cambodian friendship and cooperation, strengthen mutual trust and mutual benefit, and continuously improve people's living standards.
Disaiha said that the friendly exchanges between Siem Reap Province and China's provinces and cities have been remarkable. So far, it has concluded friendly city relations with 28 provinces and cities in China, the large-scale cultural and performing arts projects "Angkor Smile" and "Angkor Dynasty" have landed, the Siem Reap - Guangxi Agricultural Demonstration Park, the Siem Reap New International Airport project, the special training course for Siem Reap provincial government officials, the scholarship for Siem Reap students to study in China, rural medical treatment, the construction and renovation of urban roads, and the cataract rehabilitation public welfare project "Guangming Tour" have been fruitful. In the friendly cooperation between Cambodia and China, the people of Siem Reap have become direct beneficiaries.
State Secretary of the Ministry of National Defense of Cambodia Ken Wensong, Chairman of the Siem Reap Provincial Council Weng Heng, Governor of the five provinces, Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian China Council, volunteer teachers, Siem Reap Branch of the Cambodian Chinese Chamber of Commerce, representatives of Chinese-funded enterprises and representatives of foreign delegations in Siem Reap attended the reception.
Witness the Ten Years of "Clouds Rising" in Digital China in Yunqi Town - Xinhuanet
If the 2009 local website forum is taken as the starting point, the 2019 Yunqi Conference held in Hangzhou from 25 to 27 has passed a full decade.
From the concept of "in the cloud" to the practice of "on the cloud," big data and cloud computing have become one of the core technologies supporting China's economic development, social management and public services in 10 years.
In the Zhengtai New Energy Photovoltaic Cell Workshop located in Haining, Zhejiang Province, the quality inspector recently had a new "colleague" loaded with Alibaba Cloud artificial intelligence.
It has no rest for 24 hours, the recognition speed is more than twice that of manual, and the quality inspection accuracy rate is stable at more than 95%.
According to the person in charge of the company, the "quality inspector" with a camera has concentrated on learning more than 40,000 defective samples. With the cloud computing power behind it, it can quickly convert infrared images into binary language and classify and place defective batteries.
This enterprise is only a microcosm of today's cloud computing to help the transformation of the manufacturing industry.
In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Informatization issued the "Implementation Guide for Promoting Enterprises to Go to the Cloud (2018-2020)," which proposed that by 2020, efforts should be made to achieve a marked increase in enterprises' awareness and enthusiasm to go to the cloud, and a significant increase in the proportion and depth of application.
Wang Jian, founder of Alibaba Cloud, said that today, cloud computing with data as the center has built a bridge and opened the way for the digital economy with data as the key element.
At the same time, over the past 10 years, the scale of China's cloud computing industry has been expanding.
The "White Paper on the Development of Cloud Computing (2019)" released by the China Information and Communication Research Institute in July this year shows that the overall market size of cloud computing in China reached 96.28 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 39.2% over 2017.
In addition to becoming a key technology to support industrial transformation and the development of digital economy, the invisible "cloud" has also unconsciously changed urban management and social life.
At this year's Yunqi Conference, the "urban brain," which has appeared for three consecutive years, still attracted attention.
Alibaba Cloud introduced that at present, the urban brain has changed from a traffic management tool to an urban management center, and related cooperative applications have expanded to 23 cities around the world.
Through camera perception, artificial intelligence algorithm, the city brain, through strong computing power, enables the realization of new urban management service functions such as "parking first and paying later," "real-time perception of the number of visitors" and "tourism route design."
In the field of government services, "one cloud" is used to connect "one thing," and "handheld office" and "handheld office" are promoted together. Cloud computing brings convenience to both ends of the supply of government services.
At present, Zhejiang has built a unified public data platform for the whole province through the government cloud.
As of September 11, this platform has covered more than 57 million permanent residents and more than 15 million legal entities in the province, collecting and managing 3066 categories of 19.08 billion pieces of data.
The average number of data calls and shared between government departments in Zhejiang Province has reached 12 million times per month. Every more call flow of data on the 'cloud' may mean that the masses run less errands.
Use plastic tea bags carefully to make tea!
According to the "Central News Agency," recently, a recent study in Canada found that a bag of plastic tea bags may release billions or even tens of billions of plastic particles, significantly higher than the estimated amount of microplastics consumed by a person throughout the year, but so far there is no evidence that the intake of plastic particles will pose a threat to human beings.
It is reported that researchers from Magill University in Canada found that by immersing plastic tea bags into a cup of almost boiling hot water (95 degrees Celsius), the tea bags will release about 11.6 billion plastic particles and 3.1 billion smaller nanometer plastic particles into the cup.
This amount is significantly higher than a person's estimated annual intake of microplastics.
According to the research published earlier in 2019, the average person eats at least 50,000 plastic particles every year and inhales the same amount of microplastics at the same time.
It is reported that the study was published in the Journal of Environmental Science and Technology. The researchers tested four different types of plastic commercial tea bags in Montlow shops and cafes, opened the tea bags, washed the tea bags and immersed them in almost boiling water for 5 minutes, and then analyzed them with an electron microscope and spectrometer.
According to this study, they found that a single tea bag released more than 11.6 billion plastic particles, "several series higher than the previous plastic load of other foods."
The report said that most tea bags are made of natural fiber, but many tea bag brands made of natural fiber still use plastic to seal them.
Some brand tea bags are no longer made of paper and instead use plastic, and these plastic tea bags are the subjects tested by researchers.
Plastic particles are tiny fragments of plastic. Researchers define that these microplastics are between 100 nanometers and 5 millimeters in size and are mainly produced by the decomposition of plastic waste.
Researchers found traces of plastic particles in the air, soil, rivers and deepest trenches around the world. These microplastics can also be found in tap water, bottled water, seafood and beer.
In October 2018, researchers found plastic particles in human fecal samples from several countries in different regions of the world for the first time.
In order to test the potential toxicity of plastic particles released from tea bags, the Canadian research team put water fleas into contaminated water and found that microplastics would affect the behavior of these water fleas and cause them to develop deformities.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is no evidence that the ingestion of plastic particles poses a threat to human beings.
However, WHO pointed out that more research is needed to fully understand how these plastics spread into the environment and what impact they have on human beings.
Researchers speculate that the reason why these tea bags release a large number of plastic particles may be that these plastic tea bags come into contact with boiling water. Even when "edible grade" plastics are heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius, they may decompose or exude toxic substances.
Guterres said that the climate emergency is the biggest threat to the survival of small island countries.
There, a natural disaster will erode the development achievements of a generation.
This is illustrated by the disasters in Barbuda, Dominica and the Bahamas, which have been hit by hurricanes since this year.
About a quarter of the people in small island developing States live at an altitude of 5 meters or less.
Relocation may seriously affect their society and way of life, and even cause problems of sovereignty and national identity.
At the Climate Action Summit on Monday, small island countries worked together to achieve carbon neutrality and 100% renewable energy by 2030, thus they once again led the world in the right direction.
"The climate crisis is piling new injustices on top of old ones," Guterres said.
Although small island developing States contribute little to global warming, they pay the highest price.
Because of their middle-income status, many countries are also trapped in an accelerated and unsustainable cycle of disaster and debt.
The world must take action. Now is the time to make major decisions and invest heavily in small island developing States. "
Today's high-level meeting adopted a political declaration, calling for ways to help small island developing States manage disaster risks, invest in climate-resilient infrastructure and transition to renewable energy; and urging international agencies to help small island developing States, especially heavily indebted middle-income countries, obtain funds.
Small island developing States are at the forefront of protecting and conserving the Earth's lifeline, the oceans.
The latest special report released by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change this week confirms that the oceans have suffered the "sweeping" consequences of the climate crisis.
By the middle of this century, many areas may experience some extreme sea level rise once a century.
The report warns that without significant investment in adaptation, some island countries are likely to become uninhabitable.
Pollution, overfishing and acidification have caused huge losses.
In the past 150 years, the world has lost half of all living corals, while in the past 40 years, plastic pollution has increased tenfold.
Demand from industry, shipping, mining and tourism is leading to a reduction in resources, including the maintenance of fishing grounds in many island communities.
Small island States also face high transport, energy and infrastructure costs.
They rely heavily on some external markets, making them subject to price fluctuations.
Some countries are also trying to deal with the security impact of illicit trafficking in persons, weapons and drugs.
Guterres said, "By solving a problem in the most challenging environment, the problem can be solved anywhere.
The efforts of small island developing States to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will provide us with tools, lessons and examples for the world to learn from. "
He stressed that small island developing States were a special case of sustainable development.
They require the long-term attention and investment of the entire international community.
The Indian Ministry of Finance said that the financial system has sufficient liquidity.
Indian Finance Minister Sitaraman said on the 26th that the current financial system has sufficient liquidity. Driven by holiday consumption demand, India's economic growth is expected to recover in the second half of this fiscal year.
Sitaraman made the above statement after holding a meeting with representatives of Indian private banks, non-bank financial institutions, housing banks and other institutions.
Sitaraman did not explain the relevance of these remarks.
Previously, some Indian and overseas media attributed the continued slowdown of India's current economy to the tight liquidity of non-bank financial institutions.
Taking the decline in car sales as an example, Sitaraman denied that tight liquidity was the main reason for the decline in sales.
Sitaraman pointed out that the decline in car sales was mainly due to cyclical factors.
Sitaraman predicts that India's economic growth may recover in the second half of the fiscal year, driven by holiday consumption.
India's annual shopping season begins in September and will last until the end of the year.
The market expects that shopping consumption will greatly promote India's economic growth.
The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education recently issued a notice prohibiting primary and secondary schools in the province from illegally making up lessons during the National Day holiday, and will organize personnel to conduct random unannounced visits.
In the "Notice on the Prohibition of Illegal Replacement of Courses during the National Day Holiday," the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education stressed that all primary and secondary schools should resolutely do during the National Day period: They should not organize students to make up lessons collectively or take new classes, they should not hold subject training courses, special classes, Olympic classes, interest classes, improvement classes, etc., and they should not rent campuses and school buildings to other educational institutions to hold various training courses.
At the same time, it is strictly forbidden for working primary and secondary school teachers to organize, recommend and induce students to participate in illegal remedial classes inside and outside the school, it is strictly forbidden for working primary and secondary school teachers to participate in illegal remedial classes organized by out-of-school training institutions or by other teachers, parents, parents' committees, etc., and it is strictly forbidden for working primary and secondary school teachers to introduce students and provide relevant information to out-of-school training institutions and others.
The circular makes it clear that for the verified illegal remedial classes in primary and secondary schools, the local education administrative department will increase the deduction of points in the assessment of the high-quality development education of the county government in that year; teachers involved in illegal remedial classes will be seriously dealt with in accordance with the relevant regulations on teachers' ethics and teachers' style.
Support pig production to ensure market supply
Sui loyalty requires the implementation of various measures from six aspects
The provincial video teleconference on promoting pig production to ensure market supply was held today to mobilize and deploy on the implementation of the policies and measures of the Central Committee and the provincial Party committee and the provincial government to support pig production to ensure market supply.
Sui requested that all measures for pig production be implemented from six aspects.
Grasp the implementation of the "vegetable basket" mayor's responsibility system. This year, the task of 45 million pigs in the province has been broken down to the cities and states and included in the assessment of the responsibility system.
Grasp the implementation of various policies and measures and effectively solve the "last kilometer" problem of policy implementation.
Do a good job in the implementation of the production of sows, earnestly implement the subsidy policy for good seeds of sows, encourage pig enterprises to expand the scale of pig breeding, and systematically select and retain outstanding sows from the commercial pig population.
Do a good job in the implementation of attracting investment and take well-known domestic large breeding enterprises that have not yet entered our province as the top priority for attracting investment.
Grasp the implementation of the market circulation system, speed up the construction of pig cold chain logistics facilities, and comprehensively promote the change from "adjusting pigs" to "adjusting meat."
To implement the modern epidemic prevention system, all localities should be equipped with grass-roots epidemic prevention and quarantine personnel commensurate with the breeding scale and work tasks, and build the first line of defense for epidemic prevention and control.
Sui Zhongcheng requested that every effort be made to ensure the supply of the meat market, to ensure that there is no large-scale shortage or widespread interruption of supply, and to ensure the stable supply of the pork market on major holidays.
The meeting also made a deployment on the continuous prevention and control of African swine fever, the ban on fishing in important waters of the Yangtze River Basin in our province, and the purchase of medium and late rice in the province.
Talking about the feelings of the motherland, the soul of the nation, the White Rabbit and other representatives of old Shanghai give party lessons to college students
"Me and my motherland" campus card points make college students "happy."
On the occasion of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, four famous old Shanghai, Shanghai Soap, Shao Wansheng, Big White Rabbit and Xinglai, gathered at the "Art Party Course" of East China University of Science and Technology on the 27th. Four representatives of old Shanghai with an average history of more than 90 years told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old brand.
The product display of the old brand on the spot.
The love story in the classroom made the students sigh that they did not expect that the product display of the old brand was carefully arranged outside the classroom, and the "Me and My Motherland" campus card point made the college students "happy."
Big White Rabbit lip balm, Big White Rabbit ice cream... As an old brand, Big White Rabbit milk sugar has actively sought change in recent years, taking the initiative, insisting on innovation and cross-border.
The White Rabbit, born in 1959, happens to celebrate its 60th birthday this year.
Shao Wansheng also set his sights on the youth consumer group.
Wang Weijie, secretary of the Party branch and deputy general manager of Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co., Ltd.
The company also further excavates brand culture from the aspects of taste innovation and cartoon packaging design in order to adapt to the inheritance of the younger generation of consumer groups.
The representative of the old name talked about the path of innovation at the "Art Party Course."
Yu Jie, manager of Shanghai Xindelai ribs New Year cake catering Co., Ltd., also believes that "all innovations cannot be separated from a solid foundation. Every innovation of old brands is a process of thick and thin hair."
Everyone's heart hides the expectation of the old name.
With products as the center, the era of small and beautiful should begin. "
As one of the first batch of "old Chinese" in China, Shanghai has also quickly adapted to the market trend, upgraded the brand, introduced a professional operation team, and achieved a significant increase in turnover.
"Old brands can not only be seen in supermarkets and other traditional channels, but now old brands will also actively participate in new retail and various activities.
All our changes will eventually achieve such a goal, which is to enable consumers to see, hear and finally buy. "
Ouyang Yiling, deputy general manager of Shanghai Soap (Group) Co., Ltd., said.
In the future, Shanghai soap will also adhere to high-end development, systematically develop energy-saving and environmental protection products with broad prospects and user satisfaction, and adhere to the path of high technological content and high economic benefits.
Through this art party class, the students gained a lot.
The old name accompanied my growth and carried the beautiful memories and emotions of my childhood. "
Classmate Song Tianyuan lamented.
The representative of the old brand in Shanghai told more than 200 young students about the motherland and national soul of the old brand.
Classmate Zhou Yiting said that how to explore brand culture and let high-quality traditional culture be passed on from generation to generation is a problem that we need to think about and explore as design students.
Relying on the "Shanghai Image" project of Ding Wei, dean of the School of Art of East China University of Science and Technology, and Professor Ni Jun's "Old Character Integrated Brand Innovation Studio," this party class hopes to dig deep into the cultural potential and modern commercial value of old characters, make good use of the competitiveness and influence of old characters in Shanghai, enhance the cultural radiation agglomeration of old characters in Shanghai, realize the industrial effect of "1 + 1 > 2" in the form of "design + culture," and show Shanghai culture from a new perspective.
It is reported that the "Art Party Course" will also continue to invite literary and historical masters, painting masters, pottery masters, non-heritage masters, architectural masters and garden landscape masters as lecturers. Through them, they will talk about the innovation and adherence to the inheritance of Chinese culture, highlight the characteristics of the times, further strengthen the ideals and beliefs of college students, cultivate the patriotic feelings of college students, speak with works, let works speak, innovate the form of party classes, do thematic party classes that students love, enhance the ideological, theoretical, affinity and relevance of party classes, enhance the appeal of party classes, and train new people of the times who can shoulder the great responsibility of national rejuvenation!
Shinzo Abe recorded a video to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China and said a word of Chinese
On the 26th local time, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe congratulated the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China via video.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: Good evening, everyone. I am Shinzo Abe.
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, I would like to express my warm congratulations on behalf of the Japanese government and people.
At the G20 Osaka Summit held in June, China and Japan cooperated to make the Summit a success, and adopted the Declaration of the G20 Leaders Osaka Summit, declaring the firm will of the G20 to the world.
In addition, at the Japan-China summit talks and dinner before the summit, the two sides agreed that President Xi Jinping would pay a state visit to Japan next spring, and agreed to open up a new era between China and Japan.
China and Japan jointly shoulder great responsibilities for the peace and prosperity of Asia and the world.
I firmly believe that the two countries working together to deal with the problems facing the region and the world and contributing to the international community will be beneficial to building a new model of future relations between the two countries.
Finally, I wish Japan-China relations to flourish and my friends a prosperous career.
"The over-age migrant workers on some construction sites are estimated to account for more than half.
Where to find young workers now?
There is no way to use so many 'old people' on the construction site. "
Recently, Zou Kui, who has been working as a project contractor in the construction industry for many years, lamented that there are many over-age migrant workers (over retirement age) on the construction site.
In the recent period, the author's university carried out the rain pollution diversion project, and many migrant workers appeared on the campus. If you pay attention, you will find that there are many over-age migrant workers.
Overaged migrant workers go out to work not because they are "idle," but because they "cannot be idle," they have the helplessness and hardship of "having to do so" - whether saving money to solve their old age and medical problems or helping their children, they drive these old people who should be "idle" to continue to work hard.
The "old age" of over-age migrant workers is not as easy as we think.
Raising children, supporting the elderly, providing children with books, helping children build buildings and buy cars, helping children start a family and raising grandchildren from generation to generation, when these migrant workers have completed their "life tasks," their money bags have been hollowed out and even have many debts, and most lack the accumulation of wealth.
In order not to drag down their children and to accumulate more wealth for themselves, many migrant workers insist on "working until they cannot work."
Many "after 80," "after 90" and even "after 00" new generation of migrant workers do not want to engage in secondary industries or low-end service industries with difficult conditions and high labor intensity, resulting in a structural "employment shortage." These unattractive jobs provide opportunities for over-age migrant workers.
Due to the lack of skills, physical function and labor ability have decreased. Many over-age migrant workers are engaged in jobs with high intensity, low income, high risk and little security.
Being able to work for a day is a day, being able to earn a little more is a little. The survival difficulties of over-age migrant workers behind "not being idle" cannot be ignored and ignored.
In addition to their "self-redemption," they are also inseparable from the institutional protection and humanistic care of the public sector.
Some scholars pointed out that over-age migrant workers are unlikely to rely on returning home to cultivate land to solve their problems such as old age and medical care. They must support their families through other means.
Reading the helplessness and strength of over-age migrant workers "cannot be idle" will help us to better understand the love and pain of over-age migrant workers.
Seeing the back of over-age migrant workers, hearing their sighs, and trying to make them return to the countryside truly realize "old age," requires the public sector, the market and society to share responsibilities in benign interaction, and requires the joint efforts of many parties.
Chemezov said that Russia will not export such systems in the next five years, because "it must first supply its own army, and then export production will be carried out."
This practice is fully in line with international practice.
Major producers of weapons and military equipment always first ensure their own defense needs before processing export orders.
Earlier, General Yuri Glekhov, deputy commander-in-chief of the Russian Air Force, said that the development of the system was about to be completed.
The S-500 system was developed by "Diamond - Antai" air defense.
This is a new generation of air defense system, using the working principle used to destroy ballistic and aerodynamic targets.
The main function of S-500 is to intercept medium-range ballistic missiles, which can intercept missiles with a range of less than 3500 kilometers.
In addition, according to some data, S-500 can also destroy hypersonic cruise missiles, as well as aircraft, almost all types of drones, hypersonic missiles that exceed 5 times the speed of sound, and even targets located in near space.
This weapon can also be integrated into a unified network with other air defense systems, especially the R-400 system, which is very important from the perspective of national defense.
Sergei Chemezov expressed special concern about the S-400.
He said that the system is currently in great demand in the world, but the Russian army also needs it, including in the Arctic region.
The S-400 air defense system entered the Arctic Air Defense Regiment.
According to the news on September 15, the modification of the S-400 anti-aircraft missile system by the Xindi Island Arctic Air Defense Regiment has been completed.
This is not Russia's militarization of the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, this is entirely a process within the transition plan to more advanced defense tools in the strategic direction of the north.
The press service of the Russian Northern Fleet said: "With the transition to the new S-400 air defense system, the controlled airspace in the Arctic region has increased significantly."
Very importantly, according to the military's assessment, the system has been successfully used in the Far North and Arctic regions.
The officers and soldiers of the air defense regiment trained for the new system and were ready to enter combat duty.
Previously, it was equipped with S-300 long-range air defense system, but now it still retains part of it.
When it comes to air defense systems, they must have weapons that can destroy all kinds of air targets, whether they are targets flying at high speed in the outer altitude layer or "leaking fish" close to protected facilities.
According to public sources, the S-400 "Triumph" system developed by the "Golden Diamond - Antai" air defense system is designed to attack strategic and tactical aircraft, ballistic missiles, hypersonic targets and other air attack weapons.
This weapon can attack aerodynamic targets at a range of 400 kilometers and shoot down ballistic targets flying at 4.8 kilometers per second at a distance of 60 kilometers.
Russia has never hidden that it will deploy additional air defense forces in the far north to ensure the safety of the airspace of the northern sea.
Not long ago, the first 12 sets of "Tor - M2DT" anti-aircraft missile systems were delivered to the Russian Arctic region. They are sufficient to form an air defense battalion to strengthen the air defense system in the Arctic region.
The Russian Ministry of Defense said at that time that the Arctic "Tor" force will be expanded to a complete brigade level in the future.
Together with the S-400 long-range system newly deployed to Xindi Island and Kola Peninsula and the "Pantsir - SA" short-range system deployed in the Far North, these advanced anti-aircraft weapons effectively defend Russia's polar sky.
It will be difficult for enemy aircraft, helicopters and drone missiles to break through this defense.
According to the idea of the Russian government, the flagship store will become a platform for Russian manufacturers to place goods and avoid the complicated and long process of opening their own stores.
As the operator of Russian goods stores, Russian goods companies focus on selling Russian goods in China.
Russia has online stores in China's largest trading platforms such as Tmall, Jingdong (JD), 1688, Pinduo duo, ShouQ, multi-function instant messaging software WeChat, and has its own online platform Epinduo.com and Russian commodity retail chain stores.
The Russian Export Center will work with Russian Pindo to formulate store marketing strategies and participation standards, and screen virtual shelf products enterprises.
The store plans to open and put on shelves products from at least 10 Russian manufacturers by the end of this year.
Data from the Russian Export Center show that the total number of visits to China's e-commerce platform is as high as 1 billion per month.
At the same time, food exports to China have been growing steadily since 2014, exceeding US $1 billion in 2018.
At present, Alibaba Group will also open pilot stores to sell goods from New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore within the framework of the global import strategy.
According to Alexei Kozhevnikov, the new store will display the goods of enterprises with sales of at least 500 million rubles.
To tell the truth, my expectations are higher. The sales volume of 500 million rubles is not enough.
We all know that Chinese consumers have a positive attitude towards Russian goods and regard our goods as high-quality and green environmental protection products. "
Kozhevnikov said that the competition for Chinese consumers with strong purchasing power is fierce and increasing.
"Our goal is ambitious to launch 500 businesses through this store within three years," he said.
At the same time, the platform will also put on the shelves the products of enterprises in Russia's Far East.
"This is a political project that represents the image of both sides, because the Russian export center is a state-owned rather than a private institution," said Vyacheslav Cheglov, a professor in the Department of Trade Policy Foundation of Russia's Plekhanov University of Economics.
"I don't see a lot of competitive Russian goods in the market."
He believes that the project will probably not really be implemented, but it will help strengthen the relations between the two countries.
According to RIA Novosti, Andrey Slepnev, president of the Russian Export Center, said during the Eastern Economic Forum that the product information of more than 170 Russian enterprises has been published on Alibaba.com, the largest international wholesale online platform, and can be purchased in China or other countries.
In addition, there is a model of cooperation with Alibaba Group, namely the training program for Russian enterprises by experts from Taobao University. Its first seminar was held in July this year.
At the second China International Import Expo in Shanghai in November this year, the Russian Export Center will also act as the organizer for Russian enterprises to participate in industry exhibitions and commercial projects.
A large-scale exhibition will be held in the 1,000-square-meter exhibition hall, which will also become the center for holding business project activities, agreement signing ceremony, promotion meeting and talks with representatives of Chinese enterprises.
At present, about 50 applications have been received from Russian agricultural enterprises.
The press service of the Russian Export Center said, "In addition to the agricultural exhibition stand, we will also hold business meetings, that is, arrange for direct contacts between entrepreneurs."
"This is another direction of our efforts. The aim is to support enterprises and ensure that dozens of special meetings are arranged for them."
In addition, the fair will also hold master classes, cooking competitions and a Russian food tasting meeting cooked by famous Russian chefs in the project "Exploring the Shanghai Station of Russian Food."
After the Mohamad Adi Coroner's Court ruled on Friday that the cause of death was not accidental death, the police waited for the complete report and the instructions of the General Prosecutor's Office before taking the next step.
Dato Huzl of the National Police Criminal Investigation Bureau issued a statement on Friday. According to the decision of the coroner's court, the police will wait for the General Prosecutor's Office to give further instructions.
In his statement, he stressed that the police have never terminated the investigation into Mohamad's death, and the investigation is still under way.
On the other hand, Xuezhou Chief Superintendent Noah Zhan said that the police would wait for a complete report on the contents of the relevant ruling before taking action.
He responded when asked about the matter after attending the handover ceremony of the functions and powers of the deputy sheriff of Xuezhou at the Xuezhou Police Headquarters on Friday morning.
He said that the police investigated the case according to the relevant reports.
He added that the police will also decide whether to call people who had been recorded earlier for questioning depending on the progress of the investigation.
The reporter learned from the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau that in order to welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, Beijing recently took Chang'an Street and its route as the main axis to comprehensively upgrade the landscaping and create a peaceful and festive atmosphere.
At present, all 12 three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have been completed and unveiled, and 20 million pots of flowers in the city dress up the capital to welcome the National Day holiday.
Over the past few days, 12 colorful and diverse three-dimensional flower beds along Chang'an Street have attracted many citizens and tourists to watch and take pictures.
These flower beds have distinct themes. From the beginning of "magnificent 70 years" in the northwest corner of Jianguo Gate to the end of "beautiful tomorrow" in the northeast corner of Fuxing Gate, they bring together the brilliant achievements made in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China and show the happy life of the people.
The relevant person in charge of the Beijing Landscape and Greening Bureau introduced that this year's green environment layout makes full use of its own innovative achievements and integrates new varieties and technologies at home and abroad.
More than 230 varieties are used in flower beds, including 16 independently cultivated varieties, 18 new green resistant varieties and 11 native plants.
Three chrysanthemum varieties of "cold dew Jinghui," "beautiful autumn candy" and "colorful autumn" independently bred in China were used for the first time.
In order to welcome the National Day, Beijing has also recently carried out a comprehensive improvement of the city's landscaping environment, planting more than 12,000 trees, 230,000 flower shrubs and 2.3 million square meters of lawn root flowers.
At the same time, 200 theme flower beds have been set up in important areas such as the city's loop, the extension line of Chang'an Street, the Xiangshan Memorial Site, the surrounding area of the new airport and the surrounding area of important tourist attractions, with 20 million pots (plants) of flowers planted, 10,000 flower piles, 5,000 groups of combination containers and 15,000 hanging flower boxes, thus comprehensively upgrading the green environmental landscape of the capital.
China releases "China and the United Nations" and reports on climate change, sustainable development and other issues - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, United Nations, September 26 (reporter Xu Xiaolei Wang Wen) On September 26, the Chinese delegation to the 74th United Nations General Assembly officially released four documents, including "China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper at the 74th United Nations General Assembly," "United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action," "China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019)," "Earth Big Data Support Sustainable Development Goals Report."
"China and the United Nations - China's Position Paper of the 74th United Nations General Assembly" summarizes the achievements and development of cooperation between China and the United Nations in various fields in the 70 years since the founding of New China, especially since the 18th CPC National Congress.
It is pointed out that Chinese President Xi Jinping's proposal to promote the construction of a community of human destiny has become the banner of great power diplomacy with Chinese characteristics.
Under the guidance of Xi Jinping's diplomatic thought, China participates in international affairs with a more active and effective attitude, making greater contributions to world peace and development and assuming more responsibilities.
China has always been a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
The document introduces China's important contribution to the three pillars of peace, development and human rights of the United Nations from ten aspects.
He reiterated that China firmly supports and practices multilateralism and supports the United Nations to play a central role in international affairs; pointed out that China's development resonates with the development of the world and the two promote each other; and stressed that in the face of the great changes in the world not seen in a hundred years, a developing China will contribute more and more positive energy to the world.
"United Nations Climate Action Summit: China's Position and Action" closely follows the nine action areas of the United Nations Climate Action Summit, and introduces China's policy ideas on international cooperation to deal with climate change and China's achievements in dealing with climate change.
As the largest developing country in the world, China regards dealing with climate change as the inherent requirement of its own sustainable development and the responsibility of building a community of human destiny. It will continue to overcome many difficulties and challenges facing its own development, firmly uphold multilateralism, implement international commitments and make every effort to promote the full and effective implementation of the Paris Agreement.
"China's Progress Report on the Implementation of the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda (2019)" is China's second progress report after the release of the implementation progress report in 2017.
The report comprehensively combs China's measures, progress, challenges and next steps in implementing the 2030 Agenda, and shows China's determination and achievements to practice the new development concept and achieve high-quality development.
The cases of precise poverty eradication, innovation leading development, ecological civilization construction, rural revitalization and building the "Belt and Road" contained in the report will provide useful reference for other countries to implement the 2030 Agenda.
The "Earth Big Data Support Sustainable Development Goals Report" shows China's exploration and practice of using Earth Big Data technology to support the implementation of the 2030 Agenda and policy decision-making, reveals the application value and prospect of relevant technologies and methods for monitoring and evaluating the sustainable development goals, and provides a new perspective and support for the international community to fill the data and methodological gap and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The 20th Anniversary Series of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association - Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng Art Works Exhibition will be solemnly opened at 6: 00 pm on September 29, 2019 at the Exhibition Gallery of Huaiyuan Building of the Macao Polytechnic Institute.
Welcome people from all walks of life to visit and guide.
Well-known designers Liu Huazhi and Liang Ziheng both graduated from the Department of Comprehensive Design of the Macao Polytechnic Institute and jointly founded the design company in 2013. After five years of efforts, the company has achieved outstanding results and has won more than 200 awards internationally. The design business is all over the world, spanning more than 10 countries and 25 cities.
At the invitation of the Macao Polytechnic Institute Alumni Association, they displayed their ingenious design works and shared their experience in starting a business.
On the same day, in addition to sharing entrepreneurial experience, there will also be exchanges on the design development of Macao.
The exhibition dates from September 29 to October 10, 2019. The opening hours are from 9: 00 am to 11: 00 pm. It is open as usual on holidays.
For enquiries, please contact the Polytechnic Alumni Association at 85993119.
Lao collectives and individuals won the National Medal and Emblem of Vietnam
According to the decision on the award of the Independence Medal issued by Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong on September 21, Vietnam awarded the Independence Medal to 12 collectives and 13 individuals from the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly, the Secretariat of the National Assembly and other organs, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Vietnam and Laos.
Vietnamese President Nguyen Phu Trong also issued a decision on the award of friendship medals and friendship badges.
According to the decision, the State of Vietnam decided to award 21 friendship medals and 17 friendship badges to 4 collectives and 34 individuals of the Lao National Assembly, the organs of the National Assembly and the Secretariat of the National Assembly, in recognition of their positive contribution to consolidating and strengthening the special solidarity relationship between the National Assembly and the organs of the National Assembly of Vietnam and Laos.
In her speech at the honoring ceremony, Ms. Nguyen Jinyin stressed that the inseparable relationship between the two peoples of Vietnam and Laos was formed from the long historical process. The good traditional friendship, consistent and selfless relationship between the peoples of Vietnam and Laos was created by President Ho Chi Minh and President Keshan Fengweihan and carefully nurtured by the leaders and peoples of the two parties and the two countries, and has become a priceless treasure for the two countries.
Ms. Nguyen Jinyin stressed that under the complex and changing world situation, the great friendship, special friendship and all-round cooperation between Vietnam and Laos are still being consolidated and developed and are becoming deeper and more pragmatic.
Ms. Nguyen Jinyin stressed that the award of Vietnamese party and state medals and badges to the collectives and former senior leading cadres of the Lao National Assembly is the recognition of the great credit of the Vietnamese party, state and people to the comrades. She hoped that the comrades would continue their efforts and make more contributions to strengthening the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between Vietnam and Laos.
Ms. Nguyen Jinyin stressed that the Vietnamese party and state will continue to maintain close cooperation with the Lao party and state, inherit and give full play to the achievements of cooperation between the two sides, and actively consolidate and promote the great friendship, special unity and all-round cooperation between the two countries.
The collectives and individuals of the Lao National Assembly who have won the Independence Medal, the Friendship Medal and the Friendship Badge have expressed their gratitude to the Vietnamese state for awarding them honorary awards and affirmed that this is not only their honor, but also the honor of the Lao National Assembly.
E-cigarettes in the United States have claimed 12 lives and related lung damage has reached 805 cases.
According to the "Central News Agency," on the 26th local time, US health officials said that 12 people in the United States had died of e-cigarette related diseases, while there were 805 cases of lung damage related to e-cigarette smoking.
According to the report, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported these figures and said that it had not yet identified the specific substances that caused the related diseases.
However, most patients reported that they had used e-cigarette products containing tetrahydrocannabinol, which is the main compound in cannabis that can affect mental state.
It is reported that the surge in lung cases is related to the purchase of contaminated e-cigarette atomizers on the black market.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention pointed out that the above 12 deaths occurred in 10 states from California to Florida, while the 805 related confirmed and suspected cases were reported by 46 states and the US Virgin Islands.
In the past three weeks, India and Massachusetts have banned the sale of e-cigarettes, while New York and Michigan have banned flavored e-cigarettes.
The report said that the Trump administration intends to ban all e-cigarette products other than tobacco from October.
When will the next bus come?
"Internet + Smart Station" gives you a good idea.
On the 27th, Nanjing Smart Traffic Joint Gaode Map announced that the country's first "Internet + Smart Station" officially landed in Nanjing. At that time, 54 bus electronic screens will be lit up in Nanjing. This will comprehensively upgrade the level of information service in Nanjing and improve the efficiency of bus service and the happiness of the common people.
In the past, the anxious scene of waiting for the bus was staged at the bus station almost every day.
The running time of buses is difficult to predict, the road conditions and vehicle locations along the route are difficult to know, and the problem of bus travel pain points needs to be solved. Especially in some big cities, the commuting distance is long and the traffic situation is complex during the morning and evening rush hours, making it difficult to ensure the bus timing rate.
To this end, Nanjing Smart Traffic joined hands with Gaode Map to explore the new direction of "Internet + Traffic" people-friendly service, and launched the country's first "Internet + Smart Station" intelligent service project.
It is reported that the first batch of "Internet + smart station signs" landed in Nanjing, integrating Gaode big data and Gaode's vehicle expected travel time ETA algorithm, and relying on the upgrading of bus electronic station signs and mobile Internet and traffic big data, to realize the ability of "bus smart station signs + electronic map" to publish bus routes and bus expected arrival time.
Through "Internet + Smart Station," Nanjing citizens can not only easily obtain the estimated arrival time of the bus, understand the real-time location of the bus and how many stops are still from the current station, but also intuitively master the bus road conditions along the route through the three colors of red, orange and green, so that the real-time situation of all bus routes through the station can be seen at a glance.
Thanks to the "Internet + Smart Station" technology, Nanjing citizens have realized convenient and efficient bus travel methods such as "inquiring about the bus location before going out, mastering the arrival time when waiting for the bus, and understanding the arrival time when taking the bus."
According to the real-time bus information of "Internet + Smart Station," choose the most suitable travel route for yourself. At the same time, you can also make good psychological expectations and reduce the anxiety of waiting for the bus, thus making travel more convenient and easy.
More than 30 fine cultural relics of the Summer Palace were displayed for the first time - Xinhuanet
The reporter learned from the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office that a total of 99 sets of cultural relics were displayed this time, of which more than 30 cultural relics were displayed to the public for the first time, showing the rich collection of court cultural relics and the connotation of traditional Fushou culture.
It is reported that the exhibition is divided into four exhibition areas: Ruiyu Ji Jin, Fushu Shou, strange work and art, and color Zenghua. The audience is displayed with jade bronze, ancient books, calligraphy and painting, miscellaneous, porcelain enamel and other cultural relics. The shape and pattern of the exhibits reflect the theme of "Fushou."
Kui Lijia, deputy director of the Cultural Relics Department of the Summer Palace Management Office, introduced that this cultural relics exhibition has a large number of high-level cultural relics, many types of cultural relics and a large age span of exhibits.
Nearly 30% of the cultural relics in the exhibition are national first-class cultural relics and second-class cultural relics. The age of cultural relics spanned from the Shang Dynasty to the Qing Guangxu years.
The Shang Dynasty Zhenggui on display is more than 3000 years old and is the "oldest" bronze cultural relic on display. The green jade lying cow has a huge body and weighs nearly 80 jin. It is carved from a whole piece of green jade. It is well preserved and very rare. The mountain stone figure pavilion wooden clock, "Nanzhai Collection Painting Book" and "Nanzhai Collection Calligraphy" are also fine cultural relics displayed to the public for the first time.
Qin Lei, deputy director of the Beijing Summer Palace Management Office, said that the cultural exhibition adheres to the spirit of making cultural relics "live," relies on the garden idea of "Fushan Shouhai" in the Summer Palace, and takes the "Fushou" theme cultural relics in the garden as the carrier, so that tourists can understand the profound Fushou culture of the Summer Palace through the exhibition, promote and inherit Chinese traditional culture, and convey the good wishes of praying for a happy life.
It is reported that the cultural relics exhibition will last until January 30, 2020.
Xinhua Current Review: Unswervingly follow our own path
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" released on the 27th gave an answer: In the past 70 years, China's development has been successful. The fundamental reason is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly followed this path.
China's development path suitable for itself is the choice of history and the choice of the people.
Since modern times, in the environment of poverty, weakness and internal and external problems, generations of benevolent people have sought and followed up to explore the way of saving the country and saving the people.
However, "the constitutional monarchy, the restoration of the monarchy, the parliamentary system, the multi-party system and the presidential system have all been thought about and tried, and the results are not feasible."
It was not until the Communist Party of China and New China that the Chinese people gradually opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics in practice.
This road taken by China is the road of happiness of the Chinese people, the road of rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and the road of common development between China and other countries.
It is because it is on the right path that China can do its own affairs well, become the world's second largest economy and the country that contributes the most to global economic growth, and continuously benefit the world with its own development.
As pointed out in the white paper, China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, and will increasingly show bright development prospects with the progress of the times.
Looking back on the past, the Chinese people know how difficult it is to find a correct path; looking around the world, the Chinese people cherish this correct path even more.
The Chinese understand the truth of the south and the north, and understand that what is suitable for others is not necessarily suitable for themselves. Only what is suitable for themselves is the best.
It is with this road confidence and strategic determination that China has created a miracle that has attracted worldwide attention.
In the tortuous process of human progress, the "end of history theory" was once famous.
Today, the success of the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics announces the end of the "theory of the end of history," the collapse of the "theory of the collapse of China" and the failure of the "theory of the failure of socialism."
China's success has boosted the confidence of developing countries to achieve national prosperity and people's strength, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and provided experience and reference for those countries and nationalities in the world that wish to accelerate development and maintain their independence to take a path in line with their national conditions.
The world is colorful.
China has always respected the right of all countries to choose a development path suitable to their own national conditions.
China does not "import" foreign models or "export" Chinese models, but will unswervingly follow its own path, realize its own continuous development, strengthen exchanges with other countries in governance, and make due contributions to the common realization of good governance and good governance.
The Fair Work Commission found that the owner of a Foodworks supermarket fired a 66-year-old female worker by text message because he preferred to employ employees from an Asian background. The boss's practice was slammed as "shameful."
The committee said that Jian bin Wang, the owner of Ms. Gail Ayton, who has worked in the Wagga Wagga store for more than 20 years, treated the employees in a "very unfair" manner and may have violated the anti-discrimination law.
Ms. Ayton told the committee that Mr. Wang took over the store in 2016 and that he had been "trying to fire me" because she was not Chinese.
In this case, Peter Sams, vice chairman of the committee, conducted a search on the Internet and found "some job advertisements published by Mr. Wang in various Australian Chinese employment forums in the past."
Among the job requirements listed for these positions, one said "preferred Asian lady" and the other said "preferred Asian employee."
A third post said he was "more inclined to overseas people (sic)."
Mr. Wang fired Ms. Ayton by text message in April this year, later claiming that this was due to her absence from work and the alleged lack of a small amount of cash from $5.10 to $30 at the cash register.
However, Mr. Sams said that Mr. Wang's reasons for firing Ms. Ayton were weak and lacked evidence.
In the past three years, she has only been absent from one shift, and the "missing amount" totals a few Australian dollars.
He said that Ms. Ayton's dismissal "actually had nothing to do with her behavior or performance."
He said, "In my opinion, supported by the evidence of the job advertisement published by Mr. Wang, the real motivation for the respondent to fire her is that he prefers to hire employees with Asian background.
According to section 772 (f) of the Fair Work Act, Mr. Wang's behavior ostensibly constitutes a violation of the anti-discrimination law and / or the dismissal of the applicant is illegal. "
Mr. Sams said that in view of Mr. Wang's "appalling" treatment of Ms. Ayton, it was inappropriate for him to consider reinstating her.
He should consider paying compensation to Ms. Ayton, who is a temporary worker with an hourly salary of A $26.
In view of possible violations of anti-discrimination and industrial relations legislation, Sams said that he would submit his decisions and documents to the head of the committee to consider whether Mr. Wang's actions should be transferred to other agencies to investigate possible violations of state or federal laws.
He said that Mr. Wang did not give Ms. Ayton any opportunity to respond to the alleged reasons for her dismissal.
He said, "I believe that the respondent has adopted a hopelessly unfair and biased procedure to dismiss the applicant. Mr. Wang" waited "for this opportunity, which he believed would 'justify' the termination of the applicant's employment."
"He was wrong... When the respondent dismissed the applicant, he completely ignored any natural and just treatment given to her. What is shocking is his rude and extremely unfair perfunctory behavior."
Mr. Sams said that although Foodworks is a small enterprise, "it must be said frankly that no decent employer will fire employees in the extremely unfair and perfunctory manner recognized in this case."
"This is shameful and extremely unfair," he said.
Guangzhou Railway faces the increasing passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week 175 passenger trains - China New Network
China New Network Guangzhou September 27 wire (Guo Jun Xu Jing) reporter learned from Guangzhou Railway Group on the 27th that in order to meet the travel needs of passengers during the National Day Golden Week, Guangzhou Railway Group will open more popular direction trains, with a total of 175 additional passenger trains per day during the holiday period, comprehensively increasing the capacity during the peak passenger flow during the National Day Golden Week.
Guangzhou Railway Group will take a number of measures to do a good job in passenger service during the peak passenger flow.
Guangzhou South Station has optimized the three-storey security check channel, adding 12 security check channels. After the new renovation, the three-storey waiting room has a total of 44 security check channels. In addition, in order to smooth the flow of passengers into the station, Guangzhou South Station has added 19 self-service real name verification equipment, for a total of 71.
In order to alleviate the stranding and congestion of vehicles on the South North Road of the South Station, Guangzhou South Station will open three new parking lots and add 1,000 parking spaces to alleviate the pressure of poor traffic around the South Station.
Shenzhen North Station will open a "high-speed rail - subway" inspection free green channel.
From October 6 to 7, during the peak period of passenger flow, the A2 exit of Shenzhen North Station will be connected with the subway and set up an inspection exemption channel to provide convenient travel for passengers arriving during the peak period.
In addition, the East-West Square will normally set up a U color love fast channel to serve passengers and special key passengers who arrive at the station only 15 minutes before driving.
On the eve of the National Day Golden Week, the Guangzhou-Kowloon passenger section carries out business training for all staff to ensure that all staff working as flight attendants learn and master business knowledge, improve service quality, ensure that train flight attendants perform every flight work with a good mental outlook and more professional standard business quality, and provide better service to passengers.
Six people denied involvement in the sale of fake Da Marca newspaper raw paper to the High Court for trial
Six men suspected of forging and selling our passports, newspaper paper and identity cards, including an assistant director of the Name Registration Bureau and a Dato businessman, passed the case on Thursday. The local court judge approved the charges of anti-human trafficking and anti-immigrant trafficking and handed them over to the High Court for trial.
Among them, the defense lawyer who originally represented Dato Chinese defendant Li Zhenhua, also a member of the National Assembly of Sunset Cave District, applied to the judge to withdraw from the trial on behalf of the case, that is, he would no longer be the representative lawyer of the defendant, and was approved in court.
He said that because he represented the defendant, he attracted criticism from political opponents, and his Action Party was also implicated.
He stressed that he was not afraid of any threat, but did not want to be used by irresponsible units to slander the Action Party and the Greek League government or other Greek League leaders, so he made this decision after careful consideration.
He also said that there was no conflict of interest between representing the defendant and being a member of the National Assembly, and the law did not prohibit him from representing any defendant. So far, the defendant Li Zhenhua has not been convicted.
The six defendants were charged in court on September 12 this year. They faced a number of charges of Article 26E of the Anti-Human Trafficking and Anti-Trafficking Immigration Act and Article 466 of the Criminal Code (forgery of documents). They all denied their guilt and were not granted bail pending trial by the court.
On Thursday, two local court judges, Noshaha and Mazlan, after the arguments of the prosecution and the defense, approved the prosecution's application to transfer the charges of anti-human trafficking and anti-immigration law involving the six defendants to the High Court for trial. As for the charges of forging documents, they will appear in the local court on October 3 to wait for the prosecution to hand over the documents to the defense.
Earlier, the six defendants were arrested under the National Security Crimes (Special Measures) Ordinance 2012 (SOSMA), so the judge did not grant bail.
Walking with the Motherland -- A sketch of a team of the Armed Police Force
In the golden autumn, on the military parade training ground, a team of the Armed Police Force, composed of officers and soldiers with an average height of 1.83 meters, is busy with training.
The shiny gun thorns, unique olive green and bright red shoulder badges together form a beautiful scenic line.
Recently, the reporter walked into this team and felt the determination of the armed police officers and soldiers to always be loyal guards of the Party and the people, as well as their feelings and pursuit of "honor first."
"The dream shines on the glorious life and writes the immortal legend of the new era..." This is the team song created by the officers and soldiers of the square team - "Walking with the Motherland."
In the square team, this song is the motto of every team member.
Qi Xiaoguang, with a height of 1.92 meters, stood out in the square team.
As the flag bearer of the former Armed Police Flag Guard, he has a deeper understanding of honor.
The honor of soldiers comes from hard training.
As a flag bearer, Qi Xiaoguang has always had high standards and strict requirements for training.
He tied a sandbag to practice shaping, stuck a stopwatch to practice pace, covered his eyes to practice pace, and practiced stability against the strong wind.
In his "flag-raising career," there is a picture that is always unforgettable.
At a flag-raising ceremony, the rain poured down, but none of the tourists who came to watch the flag-raising ceremony left.
At the moment when the national flag was raised, Qi Xiaoguang deeply felt the glory represented by the five-star red flag on his shoulder.
In 2019, Qi Xiaoguang was selected as a benchmark soldier.
The standard of action of the benchmark soldier and the flag bearer is different.
Qi Xiaoguang introduced that although there is only a difference of more than 20 steps between the flag bearer and the benchmark soldier, more efforts should be made in training.
The benchmark soldier is the first in the first row, which directly determines the neatness of the square team.
After the military parade focused on training, he kicked his legs repeatedly every day and practiced some hard kicking skills.
In the demonstration, his precise pace and speed won bursts of applause from the officers and soldiers.
In the square team, almost every officer and soldier has the same experience as Qi Xiaoguang.
Soldier Zhu Xu Dongfang's father participated in the National Day 50th anniversary military parade 20 years ago.
In order to follow his father's footsteps and become a member of the team, he suffered setbacks again and again, but was never discouraged.
He said, "It is the glory of my life to be able to walk through Tiananmen Square like my father and accept the review of the Party and the people. I am willing to suffer anything."
Walking into the honor room of the square team, the eight big words "the elite teacher of the capital" came into view.
Wang Qian, political commissar of the square team, introduced that all the members of the square team came from the Beijing General Team of the Armed Police - this is a force with a glorious tradition. It has successively undertaken major tasks such as the founding ceremony, the National Day celebration, the security of the National Congress of the Party and the anti-terror and stability of the capital. It has nurtured a large number of British model collectives and individuals such as the "National Flag Guard" and "Patriotic Heroes Squadron." More than 50 units and individuals have been awarded honorary titles by the State Council, the Central Military Commission and the Armed Police Force.
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held. Han Zheng attended and delivered a speech
A reception for foreign experts to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was held at the Great Hall of the People on the evening of the 27th. Han Zheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, attended and delivered a speech.
First of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and on behalf of President Xi Jinping, Han Zheng expressed his heartfelt thanks and sincere greetings to all foreign experts and international friends who care about, support and participate in China's reform, opening up and modernization.
Han Zheng said that since the founding of New China, especially over the past 40 years of reform and opening up, the Chinese Communist Party has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to work hard, successfully walked out of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, and ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Since the 18th CPC National Congress, the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has coordinated the overall layout of the "Five Ones," coordinated the strategic layout of the "Four Comprehensive," promoted the historic achievements and historic changes in the cause of the Party and the country, and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era.
The development achievements of New China over the past 70 years are the result of the unremitting efforts of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and condense the hard work of foreign experts.
Over the past 70 years, a large number of foreign experts have come to China, joined the Chinese people in the cause of modernization and made indelible contributions, which the Chinese people will never forget.
Han Zheng pointed out that China's development has stood at a new historical starting point, and the Chinese people are making unremitting efforts to build a well-off society in an all-round way, win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
China will adhere to "development is the first priority, talent is the first resource and innovation is the first driving force," vigorously implement the innovation-driven development strategy and promote high-quality economic development.
People are the most innovative factor. China will accelerate the training and creation of a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international level.
Han Zheng said that China's cause is a cause supported by the people of the world, a cause open to the world and a cause of cooperation with other countries.
China will take a more open and inclusive attitude, learn from the people of other countries with an open mind, and firmly implement a more active, open and effective talent introduction policy.
We sincerely welcome more and more foreign experts to come to China to innovate and start businesses, welcome outstanding talents from all over the world to participate in China's modernization, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of human destiny and to the cause of world peace and development and human progress.
Liu He, Yang Jiechi, Chen Xi, Zhang Chunxian, Xiao Jie and Wan Gang attended the reception.
The reception was presided over by Minister of Science and Technology Wang Zhigang.
The reception was attended by old foreign experts who have been working in China for a long time, representatives and spouses of foreign experts working in China, responsible comrades from the relevant departments of the central and state organs and Beijing, a total of about 1,800 people.
The main well of the deepest shaft of China's railway is dug to the end.
Xinhua News Agency, Kunming, September 27 (reporter Ding Yiquan) According to China Railway Tunnel Bureau Group Co., Ltd.
In tunnel construction, the shaft can improve tunnel ventilation, improve ballast efficiency and ensure construction safety.
Song Tao, chief engineer of the shaft work area of the Da Rui Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, said, "After the successful excavation of the main well of the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel to the end, it will help to promote the construction of the car yard at the bottom of the construction well, open a number of working faces for the later construction of the positive hole and flat guide, and speed up the construction progress of the whole Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel."
Song Tao introduced that the construction of the No. 1 shaft of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel uses the well drilling method, equipped with large specialized machinery such as well drilling derrick, well drilling stabilizer, well drilling winch, integral moving metal template, FJD-6A umbrella drilling, central rotary rock grabbing machine, forming a "four-system" mechanized assembly line such as mechanized excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system, realizing the mechanized operation of the whole process such as drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, greatly accelerating the construction progress.
It is understood that the Da Rui Railway starts from Dali in the east and reaches Ruili in the west, with a total length of about 331 kilometers and a designed speed of 140 kilometers per hour. It is an important part of the China-Myanmar international railway channel.
With a total length of 34.538 kilometers, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is the first long tunnel of China's railway.
The TV series "Fox Hunting" reproduces the elegant demeanor of the first-line police
The transnational escape investigation drama "Fox Hunting" was shot on the ground at Tianjin Airport recently. Wang Kai, Wang Ou and other actors filmed important plays such as escorting fugitive economic suspects to return home for arrest. The shooting process was supported by China Southern Airlines.
This time, the crew of "Fox Hunting" filmed the key play that can best show the law enforcement results of "Fox Hunting Operation" at the airport - the members of the Fox Hunting Operation Team pursued the fugitives back home, took off the plane, signed the arrest warrant, etc.
The crew shot many sets of scenes such as the apron, customs border inspection and the cabin and hatch of the plane, reproducing the arduous journey and professional style of China's first-line police and fox hunting heroes flying many countries to arrest fugitive criminals.
In order to successfully complete the shooting, the main creative team of "Fox Hunting" carried out a lot of preparatory work and repeatedly confirmed every execution detail to ensure the most real and direct visual effect.
It is reported that the play will also be shot in many places abroad.
Vietnam should seize the opportunity of artificial intelligence development.
The four criteria used to assess and rank the readiness of cities to face the AI wave include prospects, realization ability, asset base and development direction.
Singapore ranked first, followed by cities in Britain, the United States, France, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany and Australia.
In response to the reporter's interview, Oliver Wyman said, "When reviewing and evaluating cities such as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, I think it is very meaningful.
Overall, I believe that under the background of high growth rate, strong economic development path and rapid development of talent base, Vietnam's future is very bright.
I think Vietnam is on the right path and doing well.
What is important is that Vietnam should know how to take advantage of the opportunities brought by the Fourth Industrial Revolution to promote economic development. "
Artificial intelligence is completely changing the way people work, communicate and live.
It brings higher efficiency, but it also poses the threat of exacerbating social, economic and technological inequalities.
However, according to a global study organized by Oliver Wyman, only any city in the world is ready for the breakthrough brought about by the era of artificial intelligence.
Guterres expressed his pleasure to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of China here. He congratulated the Chinese government and people on their impressive achievements in the past 70 years.
Guterres said, "Every time I visit China, I am shocked by the speed of change and progress.
You have created one of the most dynamic economies in the world and helped more than 850 million people out of poverty - the greatest poverty alleviation achievement in history. "
He said that in achieving the vision of the Millennium Development Goals, China has witnessed transformative results: Infant and maternal mortality rates have decreased, nutrition has improved, the number of stunted people has decreased, and the number of people without access to safe drinking water and sanitation has been reduced by half.
At the same time, China has one of the best education systems in the world, attracting international students from all over the world
A photo exhibition celebrating the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China opened today at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
Guterres said that this year is also the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in China.
Over the past 40 years, China has been a key participant in the work of the United Nations and has become a pillar of international cooperation and multilateralism.
After promoting the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, China is actively implementing the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda.
As the second largest donor to the United Nations regular budget and peacekeeping budget, China has always been a partner in ensuring the stability of United Nations activities.
China has sent troops to eight peacekeeping missions, including more than 1,000 "Blue Helmets" on duty in South Sudan.
Guterres said, "As the United Nations approaches its 75th anniversary, we need to re-establish a global partnership to support multilateral solutions to global crises.
I look forward to China's continued commitment and participation to build a better world for all. "
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard and created unprecedented opportunities for development.
Over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have always walked with the world.
China's achievements are not only China's achievements, but also the achievements of the world and mankind.
This photo exhibition tells the story of the Chinese people's struggle, brilliant achievements and contributions to the world.
United Nations News Photo / Zhang Li
State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi is reading the report on the sustainable development of the United Nations.
There is a story of ethnic unity. China's policy of regional ethnic autonomy has made great achievements, whether it is Xinjiang in the north and south of Tianshan or Tibet in the snowy plateau.
The economy is developing rapidly, the society is peaceful and stable, and the people live and work in peace and contentment.
Wang Yi said that the photo exhibition also tells the story of the Chinese people building ecological civilization, the story of peaceful development, the story of developing the "Belt and Road" initiative, and the story of breeding a community of destiny.
As Chinese President Xi Jinping said, Green Water Castle Peak is Jinshan Yinshan.
Through continuous efforts, China has embarked on the road of green development.
China pursues a foreign policy of peace, actively establishes diplomatic relations with other countries, plays a role in solving hot issues and becomes the backbone of world peace.
In the face of the great changes in the world not seen in a hundred years, China actively maintains the international system with the United Nations as the core.
After 70 years, China is young, exuberant and prosperous. No matter how the international situation changes, we will adhere to our first heart.
Wang Yi meets with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella
On the 26th local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Malawian Foreign Minister Casella while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
Wang Yi said that in the 12 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Malaysia, bilateral relations have developed healthily and steadily, and exchanges and cooperation in various fields have advanced steadily.
Last year, President Xi Jinping invited President Mutharika to China to attend the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. The two heads of state held a fruitful meeting, leading China-Malaysia relations to a new level.
China is willing to work with Malaysia to continue to implement the important consensus of the two heads of state and the results of the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation, so as to promote the further development of pragmatic cooperation between the two countries.
China is willing to strengthen communication and cooperation with Malaysia in international affairs to safeguard the common interests of both sides and the overall situation of China-Africa relations.
Casella said that China is a true friend of Malawi and African countries, and China's development has benefited the Malawian people.
Malaysia adheres to the one-China policy and thanks China for its support and assistance to Malawi.
Malaysia looks forward to the further development of Malaysia-China relations and welcomes more Chinese enterprises to invest in Malaysia.
About 800 million National Day trips reflect China's tourism supply and demand
About 800 million people will travel during the upcoming National Day Golden Week!
The big data of many tourism platforms show that China's tourism consumption market is booming.
Ctrip's National Day Travel Report predicts that with reference to the National Day tourism statistics of previous years, the number of domestic tourists during this year's National Day holiday is expected to be close to 800 million; in addition, there will be more than 7.5 million outbound tourists.
At present, tourists from more than 500 cities book group tours, free travel, customized tours, local fun and other products through the platform, involving 100 countries and regions.
According to the China Tourism Research Institute, the country received 726 million domestic tourists during the National Day holiday last year, a year-on-year increase of 9.43%.
This year's National Day holiday not only will the number of tourists reach a new high, but consumption upgrading will also become the "main melody" of National Day holiday travel.
Ctrip reported that the per capita cost of domestic cross-provincial tourism during the National Day holiday exceeded 3,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year. This is due to the fact that tourists generally choose products with better experience, such as high-grade brand hotels, no shopping tour groups, delicate small groups, special car guides, etc.
The booking data of Lvmama Travel Network show a similar trend. "Private groups" with comfortable models and less than 10 people are more popular than in previous years.
Spring and Autumn tourism data show that its consumers prefer "slow travel" with emphasis on experience, service and differentiation.
Flying pig data show that the number of tourist bookings in China's fourth line and below cities has grown the fastest, with a year-on-year growth rate of 30%, reflecting the upgrading of residents' consumption in more parts of the country.
Personalization is a major feature of this year's National Day Golden Week tourism.
Ctrip data show that orders for car rental self-driving travel during the National Day holiday are expected to increase by nearly 60% year on year, and short-haul self-driving travel to explore the surrounding small routes continues to be popular; the number of applicants for private groups has increased by up to 155% year on year.
Sharing joy has become the main purpose of people's travel and leisure.
Ctrip data show that 28% of the tourists during the National Day holiday are parent-child tourists, 25% are couples traveling, and 23% are colleagues and friends traveling together.
In terms of the age of tourists, "after 80" and "after 90" account for more than 50% of the total number of tourists.
It is worth noting that, unlike the rapid growth of outbound travel during the previous Golden Week, the performance of the domestic travel market this year is more "eye-catching."
Flying pig data show that the number of people booking domestic travel routes during this year's National Day holiday increased by 42% year on year, and the growth rate exceeded that of outbound travel.
Industry analysis, while the demand is strong, all parts of the country promote tourism supply-side reform to provide tourists with a richer "cultural tourism feast."
For example, the State General Administration of Sport and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism recently jointly issued the "2019 National Day Golden Week Sports Tourism Boutique Line"; the ongoing 2019 Shanghai Tourism Festival launched 7 plates and 100 cultural and tourism activities to attract Chinese and foreign tourists; near the Golden Week, many provinces such as Henan, Zhejiang, Hunan and Shandong introduced measures to reduce or free tickets for scenic spots.
Ctrip booking data show that domestic destinations with unique natural scenery or cultural characteristics are the most "hot." Chongqing, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin will be the most popular domestic tourist destination cities.
China's first live cinema film, "This Moment - Celebrating the 70th Birthday of New China," will be broadcast simultaneously in 70 cinemas in more than 10 provinces on October 1.
The Central Radio and Television Station will broadcast live the celebration conference, military parade and mass parade of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China on the big screen through the 4K ultra-high clear signal.
The person in charge of the Central Radio and Television Station introduced in Beijing on the 27th that on the National Day, the station will set up more than 100 seats and place more than 200 sound collection equipment along Chang'an Street and at the commanding heights of the celebration area. Using lens language and simultaneous sound, it will realize the full process, full element 4K ultra-high clear and 5.1 surround sound live broadcast for the first time.
China is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
An animal protein analyst at Rabobank said that after the outbreak of African swine fever, China faces a serious shortage of pork and is expected to become Australia's largest beef export market.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, Chinese consumers are switching from eating pork to other animal proteins. The epidemic has caused the authorities to destroy many herds. In the past year, the number of pigs in China has been reduced by half and the price of pork has almost doubled.
China produces and consumes two-thirds of the world's pork.
Chen Jun Pan, a senior animal protein analyst in China of the Rabobank, said that the demand for other meat, including beef, has increased. China, the world's largest animal protein importer, currently accounts for 27% of the world's pork imports and 24% of the world's beef imports.
Ms. Pan said that in the first half of this year, China's beef imports from Australia increased by 65%. China surpassed the United States and Japan to become Australia's largest beef export market.
Yesterday, the Chinese government said it would release more pork from emergency reserves before celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party's rule.
White Paper: China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development
The white paper says that China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development and has always closely linked its own destiny with that of the people of all countries in the world.
The white paper says that China promotes world peace and development with its own development.
As the largest developing country in the world, China unswervingly follows its own path, focuses on doing its own affairs well, makes the country more prosperous and the people happier, and injects stability and certainty into the complex and changing world. This in itself is the greatest contribution to world peace and development.
China in the new era will continue to unswervingly follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the guidance of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
China has always focused on economic construction as the need to rejuvenate the country, unswervingly follow the path of high-quality development, implement the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing, accelerate the construction of a modern economic system and better meet the growing needs of the people for a better life.
Allowing the common people to live a good life is always the biggest goal of China's development.
The Chinese army has always been a staunch defender of world peace.
The white paper points out that China adheres to win-win cooperation and common development.
"The Chinese people not only want a good life for themselves, but also for the people of other countries."
China insists on development innovation, growth linkage and integration of interests, promoting the high-quality development of the "Belt and Road" and promoting global poverty reduction and development.
The white paper says that China firmly upholds and promotes economic globalization.
China is an active participant and a staunch supporter of economic globalization.
China is willing to work with the international community to take the initiative, strengthen guidance and make the process of economic globalization more dynamic, inclusive and sustainable.
China will implement a more proactive opening strategy, create a more comprehensive, deeper and diversified pattern of opening up to the outside world, achieve broader mutual benefit and win-win results, and maintain and promote economic globalization with practical actions.
China firmly opposes unilateralism and protectionism. The door to opening up to the outside world will open wider and wider, accelerate regional economic integration and continue to promote the internationalization of RMB.
The white paper points out that China firmly supports multilateralism and upholds international fairness and justice.
As always, China will firmly uphold the international system with the United Nations as the core, firmly uphold the international order with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations as the core, and work with other countries to adhere to multilateralism and oppose unilateralism.
Maintaining fairness and justice is China's basic criterion for dealing with international issues.
China respects the development path and social system chosen by the people of all countries, respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries, and opposes external forces interfering in the internal affairs of other countries.
China will never impose its will on others, nor will it allow anyone to impose their will on the Chinese people.
The white paper says that China actively participates in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system.
As a responsible power, China has always adhered to the balance of rights and obligations. It not only sees the requirements of China's development to the world, but also the expectations of the international community for China, and actively participates in the reform and construction of the global governance system.
China actively supports the reform of the United Nations, promotes the United Nations to better adapt to the new requirements of global governance in terms of ideology, institutional setting and mode of operation, better perform the duties entrusted to it by the Charter of the United Nations, and play a greater role in maintaining world peace and promoting common development.
China actively promotes the innovative development of the concept of global governance, promptly summarizes the successful practices and experiences of national governance, actively explores the positive way of life in Chinese culture and the resonance of the concept of governance with the current era, and strives to contribute Chinese wisdom, Chinese plans and Chinese strength to the improvement of global governance.
Wang Yi: To help Africa achieve peace and security, China is never absent.
On September 26, local time, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi attended the Security Council Open Meeting on "Peace and Security in Africa" at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In his speech, Wang Yi said that China and Africa are good friends, good brothers and good partners.
China is never absent from helping Africa maintain peace and security.
At this moment, more than 2,000 Chinese peacekeepers are guarding peace in five United Nations mission areas in Africa.
The Chinese Navy has been escorting in the Gulf of Aden and Somali waters for more than 10 years, completing more than 1,200 batches of more than 6,700 ships.
Wang Yi said that we support Africa to strengthen its capacity for peace and security.
The "China-United Nations Peace and Development Fund," announced by President Xi Jinping in September 2015, focuses on supporting African peacekeeping, counter-terrorism and achieving sustainable development. So far, it has carried out 34 projects related to Africa, becoming a new platform for tripartite cooperation between China, Africa and the United Nations.
On the road to achieving peaceful development in Africa, China will continue to stand firmly with Africa and walk hand in hand.
The world's oldest hairdresser died at the age of 108 and cut his hair for 96 years
Anthony Mancinelli, the world's oldest hairdresser certified by Kim's world record, was in New York, USA. At the age of 108, he never retired and worked hard to cut his hair for his guests every day. However, Mancinelli died on the 19th due to complications of jaw cancer, saying goodbye to his 96-year haircut life.
According to CNN, Mancinelli immigrated to the United States when he was 8 years old. Soon after, he helped clean the floor in a barber shop. When he was 12 years old, he began to pick up scissors to serve the guests, thus reducing the financial pressure of his family.
Although Mansinelli attended primary school at that time, he did not graduate.
Mancinelli's son Robert revealed that his father loved his work and people from all over the world liked him. However, although his father was always healthy, he was diagnosed with cancer in February this year. He was finally unable to work due to physical factors six weeks before his death, but this was not retirement because he planned to come back to cut his hair when he got better.
Robert, 82, said that after his father died, he must now find a new hairdresser because he asked his father to help cut his hair all his life.
The repurchase scale of listed companies exceeded 100 billion yuan during the year, a record high - Xinhuanet
In order to stabilize the company's share price and maintain the company's image, listed companies began to buy back shares frequently in the past two years. Through targeted repurchase and collective bidding transactions, they hope to transmit the information that the company's value is undervalued to the market, so as to stabilize the share price and enhance investors' confidence.
Data from Oriental Wealth Choice show that the funds used by listed companies to buy back shares were 7.9 billion yuan in 2017 and soared to 51 billion yuan in 2018. Since 2019, the total amount of repurchase by A-share listed companies has exceeded 100 billion yuan, setting a new high for the amount of repurchase funds in A-share history and far exceeding that of previous years.
From the point of view of the purpose of repurchase, the company's repurchase of shares seems to be the same as the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, but there are great differences in the main body of implementation, the source of funds, the use of repurchase and the rights and interests of the shares themselves.
Xu Yang, chairman of Shanghai Maikorong Information Consulting Co., Ltd., said in an interview with a reporter from Securities Daily that the "Opinions on Supporting Listed Companies to Repurchase Shares," issued in November 2018, repaired the problems existing in the current system, such as the narrow scope of share repurchase, complex decision-making procedures and inadequate inventory system. As listed companies were encouraged to buy back shares from the policy side, the phenomenon of buying back shares increased significantly that year.
In January this year, the Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange officially issued the "Rules for the Implementation of the Repurchase of Shares by Listed Companies."
After the introduction of the opinion, the operation of share repurchase by listed companies has more applicable circumstances, the repurchase process is simpler and the enthusiasm for share repurchase is greater.
Buying back shares at a relatively low position will also help listed companies to improve the efficiency of the use of funds, thus increasing the level of earnings per share, increasing the rate of return on net assets and reducing the pressure on the company's profit target.
Compared with the increase in the holdings of major shareholders, the repurchase of shares by listed companies is of greater significance. It also reflects the willingness of listed companies to actively manage market value and abundant cash flow.
Xu Yang believes that the undervaluation of the share price is the main factor in the repurchase of listed companies. The company's share price can no longer reflect the company's future development prospects. Therefore, such companies deserve the attention of investors, but they cannot invest blindly. They need to pay attention to the financial reports and specific business situation of such listed companies.
Listed companies with large-scale repurchase behavior at least show the company's development confidence and capital strength.
The enthusiasm of A-share listed companies for repurchase has gradually increased, which has also normalized the repurchase behavior. The data show that nearly a thousand listed companies have implemented share repurchase this year, and leading companies in various industries have become the main force in the repurchase market.
China Ping An recently disclosed the progress of the repurchase, saying that the company has repurchased 57.59 million shares of A shares through centralized bidding, accounting for 0.315% of the company's total share capital. The total amount of funds paid is 5 billion yuan (excluding transaction costs). The repurchase of shares will be used for the employee shareholding plan, including but not limited to the long-term service plan already considered and approved by the company's shareholders' meeting.
Yili shares have paid 5.792 billion yuan for the repurchase of shares, and recently adjusted the use of the repurchase of shares, from the original plan that "the repurchase of shares will be used as the source of shares for the implementation of equity incentives in the later period" to "the cumulative repurchase of 183 million shares, of which 152 million shares will be used as the source of shares for the implementation of equity incentives, and the remaining 30.49 million shares will be used for cancellation to reduce the registered capital."
Yili shares said that the cancellation of some of the repurchased shares is conducive to further raising the level of earnings per share and effectively improving the investment return of the company's shareholders.
TCL Group announced the progress of the repurchase on September 25, showing that TCL Group bought back 3.59% of the company's shares, at a total cost of 1.65 billion yuan.
The office of the board of directors of TCL Group told the reporter of Securities Daily that the repurchase of shares will be used for employee shareholding plans, equity incentives or for the conversion of corporate bonds issued by listed companies that can be converted into shares.
TCL Group adheres to the established business strategy, continuously improves its competitiveness and continues to develop healthily.
Based on confidence in the company's future development and the protection of investors' interests, combined with the performance of the company's shares in the secondary market in the past year, and taking into account the company's business situation and financial situation, the company plans to use its own funds, self-financing and other financing methods to buy back the company's shares.
Yang Delong, chief economist of Qianhai Open Source Fund, said that the operation of listed companies to buy back shares can, on the one hand, reduce the number of shares circulating in the market and increase the earnings per share of listed companies, which is an important benefit to the share price of the secondary market. In addition, listed companies are willing to take the initiative to take out real gold and silver and buy back shares from the stock market, which greatly boosts market confidence.
The repurchase of domestic listed companies has gradually increased in recent years, especially merit stocks. It is a very good way to boost investors' confidence through share repurchase. It is also a practice worthy of recognition and encouragement.
Hu Henghua, member of the Standing Committee of the Hunan Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of the Changsha Municipal Party Committee, and Zhan Chunxin, Liang Wengen, He Qinghua and Liu Feixiang, the four leaders of the engineering machinery manufacturing Xiangjun, set a "small goal" around "Changsha from engineering machinery to intelligent manufacturing" - to build a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in three to five years.
Building a world-leading engineering machinery industry cluster in Changsha, in the current fashionable words, is to build "the strongest on the surface."
As an inland provincial capital city, Changsha shouted out this bold statement.
It is based on the strength of domineering.
The four engineering machinery enterprises participating in the dialogue have all their skills, covering the whole fields of sky, underground, sea and land: The intelligent light aircraft of Shanhe, the concrete transport pump of China Union Heavy Branch, the all-ground crane of DescriptionSany Heavy Industry and the tunnel shield machine of Iron Construction Heavy Industries.
Once upon a time, China had no voice in the field of engineering machinery manufacturing.
Times have changed, Chinese enterprises "bring in" and "go out" two-wheel drive, take the east wind of the "Belt and Road" initiative, acquire, merge and set up factories, and become the leader of the global engineering machinery industry.
Among them, DescriptionSany Heavy Industry, China Union Heavy Industries, China Railway Construction Heavy Industry, Shanhe Intelligent and other leading engineering machinery enterprises, their output value, market share, sales and other major economic indicators have greatly led similar enterprises.
It is based on the current situation.
Engineering Machinery Xiangjun "Four Kingdoms" is the leader of Changsha Engineering Machinery Industry Cluster and the leader of the global engineering machinery industry.
In the quack of the global industry, who can survive and live well is the strength of speech.
In earlier years, the global engineering machinery industry experienced a cold winter, and many internationally renowned engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises fell down.
It is based on the strength of the government and enterprises.
The development of superior industries requires both enterprises to be enterprising and the government to act actively.
The reason why Changsha has the reputation of "engineering machinery capital" is that it brings together the entire industrial chain from upstream to downstream, has built many related industrial clusters, and has greatly reduced the research and development, manufacturing and sales costs of enterprises by optimizing the business environment, improving supporting services and simplifying the approval process.
Good business ecology has led to the influx of engineering machinery manufacturing enterprises.
History has pushed Changsha to the forefront of building the leading level of global engineering machinery.
Whether it is the government, enterprises, or even related production, research, research and other links, we should seize the opportunity, follow the trend, set goals, continue to work hard, and contribute to the construction of a manufacturing power.
Wang Yi presided over the meeting of foreign ministers of China and African members of the Security Council.
Wang Yi said that China and African countries are good brothers and partners.
Whether in the past, present or future, China stands firmly with its African brothers.
Our initiative to hold this foreign ministers' meeting is a concrete measure to implement the important consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and African leaders at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation last September. It is to strengthen the unity and cooperation between China and African countries in the Security Council and to promote the international community to better support Africa in achieving peace and development.
Wang Yi said that Africa is China's most important and trusted partner.
As a permanent member, China's vote in the Security Council always belongs to the vast number of developing countries, including African countries.
In the face of the new situation, China is willing to work with African countries in the Security Council to strengthen unity and cooperation and safeguard common interests.
Both sides should unite their strength, resolve disputes through consultation, seek self-improvement by independence, and govern by development.
The foreign ministers of the participating African member states thanked China for its initiative to convene the meeting and congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary.
The foreign ministers said that Africa-China relations are based on equality and mutual respect, and Africa and China have always been each other's most trusted and trustworthy partners.
The African side appreciates that China, as a permanent member of the Security Council, has played an important and active role in African affairs, vigorously promoted the just and reasonable settlement of African issues, and made great efforts and contributions to safeguarding African interests and promoting peace and security in Africa.
At present, Africa faces the threat of terrorism and extremism. Only by solving security problems can Africa truly achieve long-term peaceful development.
We look forward to further coordinating positions with China in the Security Council and strengthening unity and cooperation.
Wang Yi said that today's meeting reached an important consensus.
We all support the maintenance of multilateralism, strengthen the authority and role of the United Nations, safeguard the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and oppose unilateralism and bullying; we all agree to strengthen mutual support and cooperation between China and Africa in the affairs of the United Nations and the Security Council to safeguard the common interests of China and Africa and the vast number of developing countries; we all support African countries to solve African problems in an African way and ask the United Nations to provide financial support for Africa's independent peace operations; we all support the concept of "cooperation for development, development for peace" to help African countries achieve independent and sustainable development; we all firmly safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries and oppose any country creating obstacles for developing countries and depriving them of the right to achieve development.
Qingyang, Gansu Province: Lake sheep carry the "Poverty Eradication Sutra."
The autumn of September plays up the Loess Plateau.
In the Yimin Cultivation Professional Cooperative Society in Post Ma Town, 58-year-old villager Xia Willy filled the food trough in the sheep pen with the last shovel of fodder, stood by the trough and watched the white lake sheep chew carefully.
"Eat well. When autumn and winter are full of fat, you can sell at a good price."
Xia Willy said that he fed the sheep "special nutritious meals" every day, cleaned regularly, sterilized and disinfected, and served them carefully.
Xia Weili has raised sheep for more than 20 years. Until he came to work in the cooperative, he did not know how extensive sheep herding was in the past.
Xia Willy is a native of Xia Fengchi Village, Puma Town, Qingcheng County, Qingyang City, Gansu Province.
His neighbors are sheep farmers, but they adhere to the traditional way of scattered breeding. The quality of sheep is poor and the quantity is small.
In June this year, under the guidance of the government, 140 poor people in the village joined the cooperative, and everything began to change.
Xia Willy devoted himself to breeding all day, because he always held a breath in his heart.
The people who take shares are all poor households. They all trust the sheep to the cooperative. Whether they can pay dividends and sell prices at the end of the year, they all count on him.
Fortunately, with the guidance of technicians, he slowly learned to carry out epidemic prevention, mastered scientific feeding, and became one of the few breeding "good hands" in the village.
Yimin breeding professional cooperative is a standardized cooperative, with a total of 16 sheep sheds and nearly 1,400 lake sheep.
Zou Tao, head of the cooperative, said that the standardized sheep shed has a good way inside and outside.
"The wool is thick and dense, and it is easy to breed bacteria. The lake sheep cannot stay in a sultry and wet place. The sheep shed must be built in a place surrounded by trenches on three sides, and a fan must be installed to ventilate and dissipate heat."
Zou Tao said that in order to prevent epidemic diseases, it is also necessary to spray and disinfect the sheep shed regularly and give the sheep three to four epidemic prevention needles a quarter.
In addition to living well, the "little fat sheep" have to eat fodder mixed with silage corn, wheat grass and alfalfa, and have a wide enough "playground" to stretch their muscles.
The cooperative adopts the method of custody and substitute breeding, guiding local farmers to place good seed lake sheep here, uniformly raise, manage and sell them, and realize good seed, scientific, standardized and intensive breeding.
Today, 140 poor households with sheep in shares pay a dividend of more than 6,000 yuan per household per year, and 4 poverty relief targets work in cooperatives.
From "grazing all over the mountains" to "precise feeding," from "local mating" to "artificial insemination," from "looking at the body shape and touching the belly" to "doing B ultrasonography one by one..." In Qingyang, Gansu Province, meat and sheep breeding is not only a change in the feeding mode. The model of "leading enterprises + cooperatives + farmers" has changed the scene of "raising sheep on the hillside and selling sheep in the market," overcoming the weakness of traditional agriculture and animal husbandry, and farmers' poor days have become better because of modern sheep raising.
Zou Tao said that if the market price is weak, Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Agricultural Development Co., Ltd., a leading local enterprise, will buy at a market protection price of 27 yuan per kilogram to help farmers spread the market risk.
Xu Jianfeng, general consultant of Gansu Zhongsheng Agricultural and Agricultural Development Co., Ltd.
In Qingyang, at least 8,200 poor families have achieved a steady increase in income by "joining" Zhongsheng agricultural and pastoral forage breeding, good seed breeding, scale breeding, slaughter division and market sales.
Qingyang City is located in the northern agricultural and pastoral zone and is rich in forage resources.
At present, there are 913 large-scale meat and sheep farms and cooperatives in the city, raising more than 5 million meat and sheep. Two processing production lines with a slaughter scale of 1.3 million meat and sheep have also been built. The sheep are becoming the "leader" of the local industry in poverty alleviation.
The French finance minister said he would cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros next year and called on Germany to follow suit
Paris, Sept 26 (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Thursday that France will cut taxes by more than 10 billion euros ($10.9 billion) next year, while Germany should keep up with France's fiscal stimulus in order to revive the sluggish economy.
When introducing France's 2020 budget, Le Maire said that the latest monetary easing measures of the European Central Bank have created an opportunity for member governments that can afford it to increase investment.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a record low on September 12 and plans to restart debt purchases in order to lower borrowing costs, hoping to stimulate economic recovery and push up the inflation rate.
"Low interest rates will not bring back prosperity in Europe. Monetary policy measures are necessary but not sufficient," Le Maire told reporters.
"Germany needs to invest, now, the sooner the better. Don't wait until the situation gets worse," he added.
He has made this appeal to Germany many times.
France has implemented tax cuts of more than 10 billion euros this year, which has given a great boost to France's economic growth.
The global economy has lost momentum, and the German economy, which depends on exports, bears the brunt.
Le Maire pointed out that the tax burden of French families will be reduced by 9.3 billion euros next year, including 5 billion euros in income tax relief.
In addition, with the gradual implementation of the corporate tax rate from 33.3% to 25% over a five-year period, the corporate tax burden will be reduced by nearly 1 billion euros.
General Secretary Xi Jinping recently gave important instructions on the protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, stressing the need to strengthen the planning, construction, repair, management and maintenance of martyrs' cemeteries.
In order to thoroughly implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions and focus on promoting the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, the General Office of the CPC Central Committee, the General Office of the State Council and the General Office of the Central Military Commission recently issued the "General Work Plan for the Planning, Construction, Repair, Management and Maintenance of Martyrs' Memorial Facilities."
The Work Plan is a programmatic document for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities. It defines the target tasks for the protection and management of martyrs' memorial facilities, and proposes to plan and build martyrs' memorial facilities and improve the red education base system for promoting Yingli's spirit; repair and protect martyrs' memorial facilities and create a strong social atmosphere to respect Yingli and remember his achievements; manage and maintain martyrs' memorial facilities and form a standardized and complete organizational security management system.
The Work Plan makes it clear that we should strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities. In accordance with the principle of overall arrangement and long-term perspective, we should effectively strengthen the repair and protection of martyrs' memorial facilities, focus on improving the leadership system mechanism and improving the policy and regulatory system; organize the implementation of quality improvement projects, improve facilities and equipment and strengthen service capacity; optimize the content of the exhibition, innovate the way of the exhibition and enhance the overall effectiveness.
The Work Plan emphasizes the need to improve the institutional system and organizational security, strengthen organizational leadership, establish a working mechanism led by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the active cooperation of relevant units and the broad participation of the society; focus on the implementation of the Law on the Protection of Heroes and Martyrs, improve the legal system, continuously promote the institutionalization, standardization and specialization of the planning, construction, management and maintenance of martyr memorial facilities; strengthen team building, introduce volunteer service, encourage retired soldiers, martyrs' families, experts, scholars and young students to actively participate in the interpretation and maintenance of martyr memorial facilities; improve the social participation mechanism, adhere to government leadership and diversified investment, and actively advocate and encourage enterprises, social organizations and individuals to provide donations and support for the repair and protection of martyr memorial facilities.
Research: The US National Health Diet Index has increased slightly but is still challenging - China New Network
According to the report of the American Overseas Chinese News Network on September 27, recently, a recent study in the United States showed that in the past 16 years, the US government's healthy diet index has increased moderately, from 56 to 58.
But when the full score is 100 points, this is not worth celebrating.
American nationals still face "significant challenges" in their diet.
Dr. Zhang Fangfang, one of the authors of the study and a nutrition researcher at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said that Americans still consume too much food that may cause heart disease, diabetes, obesity and other diseases. These diseases are the most common diseases of American nationals.
24 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study is based on the conclusions of the US government's health survey of 44,000 adults from 1999 to 2016.
The authors wrote that "despite considerable improvements, significant dietary challenges remain."
It is reported that these challenges include allowing American citizens to reduce their intake of snacks, hot dogs, fat cattle, butter and other foods containing saturated fat.
The study found that the intake of these unhealthy fats in people's daily diet increased from 11.5% to 12%, exceeding the recommended intake limit of 10%.
The biggest improvement in the US national diet is that the sugar intake has been reduced from 16% to about 14%, but the intake is still too high.
Officials believe that the intake of added sugar in the daily diet should be less than 10%.
As for the reasons for the decrease in sugar intake, researchers believe that it is related to the decrease in people drinking sweet soda, but Zhang Fangfang stressed that sugar is often added to even less sweet foods, such as yogurt and ketchup.
American adults have a small increase in their intake of fruits, nuts, oats and other whole grain foods.
However, 2016 data show that these foods still account for less than 5% of the daily diet.
Although people's intake of salt has decreased slightly and the decrease in drinking juice has led to the intake of low-quality carbohydrates, Zhang Fangfang said that they still account for up to 42% of the daily calories, many of which come from refined white flour bread and other refined grains.
The study is based on personal health surveys every two years, which ask adults to recall the food they ate in the past 24 hours.
These health surveys have asked this question twice every few days since 2003.
The dietary guidelines for American residents issued by the government recommend that people adopt a "healthy eating model" in order to reduce the possibility of chronic diseases.
The guidelines point out that people should consume more nutritious foods, such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, as well as seafood, lean meat, poultry meat, eggs and seeds that can provide protein.
During the research period, the number of Americans suffering from diabetes almost doubled to more than 7%, and the obesity rate also increased in many years during the research period - today, about 70% of American adults are overweight or obese.
In addition, heart disease is still the main cause of death in the United States.
EU promotes strategic partnership with Asia
Nguyen Van Ping, member of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, member of the Secretariat of the Central Committee and head of the Central Economic Department, led a delegation to attend the forum.
According to the close cooperation between the EU and partners in the Asia-Pacific region, the theme of this forum is "docking between the EU and Asia: Building bridges for the future of sustainable development."
The forum was held one year after the implementation of the EU's docking strategy between the two continents.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that strengthening docking is part of the above idea because it brings benefits to the people and economies of the countries concerned.
These relations help to bring stability and prosperity to all parties concerned.
At the same time, he believes that the EU wants to convey the message of enhancing participation and consolidating the mutually beneficial docking relationship between Europe and Asia.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is the special guest of honor of the forum and will deliver an important speech at the plenary meeting.
The country's first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary set up a technology enabling capital management business
On the 26th, Everbright Financial Management Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Everbright Bank, was officially established in Qingdao. This is the first joint-stock bank financial management subsidiary established in China.
Experts said that asset management is an important area for the development of financial technology. The establishment of financial management subsidiaries by banks is conducive to their use of scientific and technological means to upgrade their capital management business.
In April this year, Everbright Bank and China Merchants Bank announced that they had been approved by the China Banking Regulatory Commission to set up a financial management subsidiary.
On September 24, Everbright Bank announced that Everbright Financial Management had been officially approved to open.
Just two days later, Everbright Bank led many joint-stock banks and took the lead in setting up Everbright Financial Management in Qingdao.
Li Xiaopeng, chairman of Everbright Group, said that Everbright Group will accelerate the pace of innovation, use modern scientific and technological thinking and means, rely on big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing, increase the coverage, use and penetration of financial capital, and improve customers' sense of acquisition, happiness and security.
By 2021, establish and improve the "four beams and eight pillars" for the development of financial science and technology in China, further enhance the ability of the financial industry to apply science and technology, realize the deep integration and coordinated development of finance and science and technology, and significantly enhance the people's satisfaction with digital, networked and intelligent financial products and services.
Zhang Xuyang, chairman of Everbright Financial Management, introduced that Everbright Financial Management's capital management platform will use smart investment, smart investment research, big data and other technologies to help Everbright Financial Management better judge the macroeconomic situation.
In the future, new technologies such as blockchain will also be used to grasp the direction and trend from traditional assets to alternative assets to digital alternative assets.
Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, said that under the new competitive situation facing the capital management industry, financial technology companies and capital management institutions will use capital management technology to jointly explore new growth paths.
The financial technology enabling capital management industry is not only the need for the transformation and development of financial technology itself, but will also inject new vitality and vitality into the development of capital management business.
At the beginning of this year, Jingdong Digital Technology launched a new capital management technology system, using technology and digital means to enhance the product research and development and wind control capabilities of capital management.
The new system starts from the four capabilities of product design, sales trading, asset management and risk assessment to enhance the overall intelligent operation level of the capital management industry.
Experts believe that while improving customer service ability and innovating rich products, capital management technology can also enhance risk prevention ability and improve capital management efficiency.
Zhang Xuyang said that in the past, it was easy to deviate from the risk appetite of customers through questionnaires, but now using artificial intelligence for user portraits helps to better locate customers and launch corresponding products according to customers' investment preferences, which helps to defuse risks.
"Alternative big data such as e-commerce and spatial and temporal data can help us better map the activity and prosperity of a region and an industry."
Zhang Xuyang said that while resolving risks, big data technology will also help improve wind control ability.
The deepest record of China's railway tunnel shaft was refreshed
China News Agency Baoshan on September 27 (Zhang Weiming Xu Weiguo Zhou Jingbo) After more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the No. 1 shaft of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel of the Da (Li) Rui (Li) Railway was completed on the 27th. The depth of the well reached 762.59 meters below the ground, breaking the record for the deepest shaft of China's railway tunnel, which was set under the condition of a large amount of water.
With a total length of 34.5 kilometers, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel of the Da Rui Railway is located in Yunnan. The tunnel crosses the Gaoligong Mountain Mountains from the west bank of the Nu River. It is the longest two-line single-hole tunnel in Asia.
This tunnel passes through 19 fault zones, with a maximum depth of 1155 meters. Because it covers almost all the bad geology and major risks that may be encountered in tunnel construction, the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel is known as the "geological museum" of tunnel construction.
The shaft is the most important auxiliary tunnel of Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel. It shoulders the important task of increasing the operating surface to realize "long tunnel short strike" and later railway operation ventilation.
The successful excavation of the No. 1 shaft to the bottom of the well marks the official entry of the Gaoligong Mountain Tunnel into horizontal tunnel construction. After the excavation of the car yard at the bottom of the well and the replacement of equipment, four working surfaces can be added to the underground to speed up the excavation speed of the tunnel.
"The shafts are all in the granite strata. Because there are many cracks in the granite strata, they cannot stop the water. From top to bottom, the water pressure is as deep as the well."
Si Jingzhao, chief engineer of the Da Rui Railway Project Department of the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, told the reporter that during the construction of the shaft, there were many dangerous situations such as mud inrush and collapse. The construction party invited experts to take the pulse on the spot and discussed the treatment plan more than 20 times.
"When the water inrush in the shaft is the largest, it reaches more than 300 cubic meters per hour. At the bottom of the well at a depth of more than 700 meters, the water pressure is equivalent to the bottom of the sea at a depth of 700 meters."
Si Jingzhao said, "If we do not drain water in time, we will flood the well by 10 meters in one hour. We spend almost 85% of our time controlling water and 15% of our time digging."
In order to overcome the geological problems such as the longitudinal joint development of the surrounding rock of the No. 1 shaft, mud inrush and water-rich granite, the tunnel construction adopts a systematic water control measure combining "exploration, injection and excavation" to reduce the construction risk.
After many improvements, the construction of No. 1 shaft has formed a mechanized assembly line such as excavation system, ballast system, suspension system and winch lifting system, realizing the mechanized operation of the whole process such as drilling, blasting, ballast, template installation and concrete pouring, thus accelerating the construction progress.
Finally, after more than 1,200 days of day and night construction, the shaft successfully completed the excavation at a depth of 762.59 meters.
With a total length of 330 kilometers, the Da Rui Railway is an important part of the China-Myanmar international corridor and an important transport infrastructure for the implementation of the "Belt and Road" construction.
After completion and opening to traffic, the travel time from Dali to Ruili will be shortened from the current 6 hours to 2 hours, which will greatly improve the transport pattern in western Yunnan and promote economic and trade cooperation and friendly personnel exchanges between China and South and Southeast Asian countries.
Carrie Lam: As a Chinese, I am proud of my country's achievements
The Hong Kong press welcomed the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
"Hong Kong Press Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" was held in Hong Kong on the 27th.
Speaking at the reception, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Mrs Carrie Lam, pointed out that the country's achievements over the past 70 years are obvious to all, and we are proud as Chinese.
Mrs Lam, Lu Xinning, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of the Central Government in Hong Kong, Song Ru'an, Deputy Commissioner of the Office of the Commissioner of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hong Kong, Chen Aden, Deputy Political Commissar of the People's Liberation Army Garrison in Hong Kong, Jiang Jae-zhong, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Preparatory Committee for the Celebration of the National Day of the Hong Kong Press, and others attended the reception and served as officiating guests.
In her speech, Mrs Lam pointed out that China has made great efforts in the past 70 years. Even though it has faced many difficulties and challenges, it has overcome and surpassed them one by one. The achievements are obvious to all, and we are proud as Chinese.
Since its return to the motherland, Hong Kong has been closely linked with the Mainland, making progress together and sharing fruitful results.
I believe that under the premise of "one country, two systems," Hong Kong can continue to give full play to its advantages in the future, seize the opportunities of the "Belt and Road" and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, and seek a better future for Hong Kong.
She also said that in the past few months, Hong Kong society has been controversial, every Hong Kong person has been affected, and journalists have faced different challenges.
At this critical moment, I hope that friends in the press will continue to face difficulties, uphold professionalism, make fair and balanced news reports for the society, and do their part for the future of Hong Kong and for the society to return to rational communication and dialogue.
In his speech, Jiang pointed out that the glorious journey of New China is also the journey of Hong Kong and the motherland developing together, making progress together, connecting blood and sharing weal and woe.
Especially since Hong Kong's return to the motherland, the Central Government has unswervingly implemented the principles of "one country, two systems," "Hong Kong people governing Hong Kong" and a high degree of autonomy.
To this end, the Hong Kong press gathered together to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
He said that in the past three months, there have been a series of violent activities in Hong Kong that openly violate the law and wantonly undermine social stability. Some media have published distorted and false reports, which have contributed to the violent activities.
He called on the media to create a good atmosphere for the whole people to resist violence and safeguard the rule of law.
Professional media people should adhere to the professional norms of journalism, use true reports and responsible statements to guide citizens to consciously and violently cut their seats, and safeguard the justice and majesty of the law.
About 500 people from all walks of life, including the Hong Kong press, attended the reception and raised their glasses with the officiating guests to send blessings for the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
The reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Party Committee that Xining will implement the "Regulations on the Promotion of Civilized Behavior in Xining City" from October 1, focusing on 15 kinds of uncivilized behavior such as pedestrians not following the instructions of traffic lights and throwing objects from buildings, making a list of key control and setting corresponding penalties.
Wang Shengbin, deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Xining Municipal Party Committee and director of the Municipal Civilization Office, introduced that since Xining won the title of national civilized city in 2017, the civilized literacy and moral level of citizens have improved significantly.
However, uncivilized behavior such as pedestrians crossing the road indiscriminately, running red lights and non-motor vehicles not following traffic lights; parabolic at high altitude and parabolic windows; smoking in public places, walking dogs in public places and allowing defecation everywhere are still very prominent and easy to rebound, and need to be solved as soon as possible.
Taking into account the reality of Xining, the regulations put forward more comprehensive and higher standard requirements for the civilized behavior of individuals and units from various aspects such as public places, public order, public facilities, public environmental hygiene, civilized travel, civilized tourism, civilized Internet access, building a civilized campus, promoting the construction of a civilized family, performing official duties, commemorating heroes and martyrs, and medical services, so as to make the whole society understand "what can be done," "what to advocate" and "what to prohibit."
"The formulation and introduction of regulations to eliminate blind spots and misconceptions in the field of civilized behavior perception, and to comprehensively regulate citizens' behavior, housekeeping, meals, travel, education, tourism, Internet access, green life, marriage and bereavement, will provide a strong legal guarantee for the normalization of the creation of mass spiritual civilization in Xining."
Qiu Huaijun, secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the Xining Municipal People's Congress, said.
Beijing Subway Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be delayed tonight - China New Network
Beijing News Express (reporter Pei Jianfei) This afternoon (September 27), the Beijing Subway Company issued a notice stating that between September 27 and October 7, the operation dates of Line 1, Line 2 and Line 7 will be adjusted.
During the delayed operation period, the operation time of subway lines 1 and 2 will continue until the early morning of the next day, with an average of one train in 10 minutes.
The operation time of Line 1 is extended by 61 minutes from west to east and 64 minutes from east to west. The departure time of the last bus at all stations along the route is after 00: 30 the next day; the inner ring of Line 2 is extended by 81 minutes and the outer ring is extended by 95 minutes. The departure time of the last bus at all stations along the route is after 0: 20 the next day, and the last bus at Qianmen Station is after 00: 50 the next day.
The departure time of the last bus at Beijing West Station of Metro Line 7 (to the direction of Coking Plant Station) was extended from 23: 15 to 00: 15 the next day, and the departure time of the last bus at Coking Plant Station (to the direction of Beijing West Station) was extended from 22: 25 to 23: 25.
The British tourist's car key fell into the lake and the whole family was trapped in France for five days
Recently, a couple in Wales, England, took their two children to France for a holiday. As a result, they accidentally fell the car key into the lake. The whole family was forced to wait five days to get the new key prepared by the car manufacturer.
The couple then left France with their children.
It is reported that on September 16 local time, when the British family was visiting a lake in France, their daughter accidentally knocked over a leather bag and the car keys inside fell into the lake.
But it took them hours to find the key.
And all their belongings and cash are locked in the car.
Although British tourists bought insurance before departure, the insurance company refused to help on the grounds that the vehicle was not in danger of being stolen.
They had to hire a trailer to pull the car to a garage for storage, and then reorder the keys from the car manufacturer.
A few days later, the British tourists finally got the keys, and the couple left France with their children.
Their scheduled journey was cancelled due to the loss of car keys.
Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas to 49 countries, including China
(Dubai 27) From this day on, Saudi Arabia officially liberalized tourist visas to 49 countries, including China, with a total visa fee of 440 Saudi riyals (about 836 RMB).
Tourists must prepare a medical insurance covering Saudi Arabia and provide an address in Saudi Arabia to apply.
Tourists can apply for a landing signature at the airport after landing, or apply for an electronic signature through visa.visitsaudi.com.
Among them, the electronic signature is multiple entry a year, allowing tourists to stay for up to 90 days.
For ordinary tourists, Saudi Arabia is the most mysterious country, because this country never issues tourist visas.
In recent years, Saudi Arabia has promoted the "Vision 2030" plan under the leadership of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammadge bin Salman, which aims to reduce the country's long-term dependence on oil. Opening up tourism and developing tourism is an important part of it.
Deputy Prime Minister of Belarus Igor Lyashenko paid a working visit to Xing'an Province of Vietnam.
During the meeting, Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, highlighted the remarkable achievements of Belarus in industrial production and the investment of Belarusian enterprises in Xing'an Province.
The completion and commissioning of MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant is an important development step in the cooperation between enterprises of the two countries, which will help promote the cooperative relations between Xing'an Province and even Vietnam and Belarus.
Du Jinshi, secretary of the Xing'an Provincial Party Committee, said that Xing'an Province has always created convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises investing in the province. He hoped that in the future, Belarus will take more strong measures to encourage Belarusian enterprises to invest in Xing'an Province and Vietnam, and assist in the training of workers and the transfer of industrial production technology in the province.
Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko expressed his gratitude to Xing'an Province for providing convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises to carry out production and operation activities in the near future.
It is hoped that Xing'an Province will continue to provide convenient conditions for Belarusian enterprises.
After the meeting, Deputy Prime Minister Igor Lyashenko attended the completion ceremony of MAZ ASIA Automobile Production and Installation Plant.
Pilot the notification commitment system in areas such as the production license of low-risk varieties of food, and delegate the handling power of the representative offices of foreign enterprises to the FTA
On the 27th, the Shanghai Municipal Market Supervision Bureau and the Pudong New Area Government signed a working memorandum and launched 20 market supervision reform measures, some of which were the first pilot in the country.
According to the introduction, the notification commitment means that when the administrative organ handles the relevant licensing registration matters, it informs the applicant of the conditions and requirements prescribed by laws and regulations in writing at one time.
After the applicant signs the commitment, the administrative organ may handle it directly.
According to the memorandum, the Shanghai market supervision department will support the Pudong New Area and the Shanghai Free Trade Experimental Zone to pilot the notification commitment system in three areas, such as the registration of enterprise names, the licensing of food production of simple and low-risk varieties, and the approval of the type of some measuring instruments, so as to make it easier for enterprises to enter.
Shanghai Shao Wansheng Food Co. Ltd. obtained the "Food Production License" on the spot by informing the commitment on the 27th, becoming the first enterprise to enjoy the pilot dividend.
The person in charge of the enterprise said that the food license can also be obtained on the spot, and has also adopted the method of "accepting the lack of acceptance," that is, allowing the enterprise to submit some materials according to the time limit stipulated in the letter of commitment, "effectively feeling the convenience of the reform."
The Shanghai market supervision department said that the implementation of the notification commitment system for food production license is the first pilot in the country.
After the reform, the examination and approval link was reduced from the previous six links of "registration, acceptance, on-site verification, sample inspection, material examination and approval of certificates" to three links of "registration, acceptance and approval of certificates," and the completion time was shortened from 20 working days before the reform to the completion on the spot.
Considering the characteristics of Pudong's high degree of economic outward orientation, the Shanghai market supervision department has delegated the registration authority of the permanent representative offices of foreign (regional) enterprises to the Shanghai Free Trade Zone to facilitate enterprises to handle it nearby.
Statistics show that this decentralization involves a total of 1,592 permanent representative offices in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, of which 99 have been handled in accordance with the new regulations.
"11th" long holiday consumption small survey: Choosing more diversified tourism occupies the first place.
The National Day holiday is approaching, and people's holiday plans are gradually being finalized.
The reporter of "Securities Daily" recently launched a small survey on the National Day holiday arrangements in the circle of friends. The nearly 20 feedback received showed that although everyone's plans were different, "travel + consumption" became the key word for the National Day holiday.
Specifically, in the feedback received by the reporter of Securities Daily, more than half of the people chose to travel.
Mr. Liu, who lives in Tianjin, said, "During the '11th' period, he planned to take his family to Shanghai, Disney was the first stop, and then go around the surrounding cities." Ms. Li's family in Beijing chose to travel to Taiwan, China. "Three members of the family set out on September 28 and planned a 10-day tour around the island." Miss Ma in Chongqing planned an outbound tour, the destination was Singapore; Mr. Zhang's family in Hebei chose a self-driving tour. He said, "My daughter is less than two years old, it is not convenient to go far away, and plans to drive to Shandong and play at the seaside for a few days."
The "Report on the Travel and Travel Trend of Residents during the 2019 National Day Golden Week," jointly released recently by Tongcheng Art Dragon and Tongcheng Travel, shows that the consumption upgrading trend in the three subsectors of travel and travel, residence and travel during this year's National Day Golden Week is obvious.
The penetration rate of aircraft and high-speed rail travel has increased steadily, and the proportion of demand for star hotels and personalized non-standard accommodation has increased.
On September 23, the "2019 National Day Tourism Consumption Trend Report" released by the Meituan showed that tourism consumption continued to be strong and showed a diversified upgrading trend of "eating, living and playing."
More young people prefer high-quality and characteristic experiences, and the heat of cultural tourism and night tourism continues to rise.
In addition to tourism, all kinds of consumption demand were also released during the "11th" period.
Mr. Wang, who lives in Chengdu, told the reporter of Securities Daily, "The main plan for this year's' 11th 'is to buy a car."
The staff of a car brand 4S store in Beijing told the reporter of Securities Daily that in general, September and October of each year are called the golden period for car sales.
During the "11th" period, stores will launch a number of activities, such as lucky draw, reduction to stores, etc.
In addition, many brands have launched new models recently. It is expected that the effect of new products on sales will be more obvious.
Under the trend of consumption upgrading, people pay more attention to the satisfaction of spiritual needs, and the proportion of consumption of cultural, educational and other services is constantly increasing.
Ms. Du, who lives in Beijing, said, "Since the birth of the child, cultural and educational consumption has become the bulk of household consumption expenditure.
This year's' 11th 'is full, going to the' card 'planetarium and children's theatre, making an appointment for several families to set up tents and camp at the Elk Museum on weekends, and arranging some audition experience classes. "
Some industry insiders said that in theory, the evolution path of residents' consumption upgrading is from survival consumption to development consumption and enjoyment consumption, of which a considerable part of enjoyment consumption is the category of service consumption.
With the continuous development of China's economy and society and the increasing income level of residents, people pay more and more attention to spiritual consumption needs. Travel and travel is a good way.
Especially in time for the National Day holiday, there is more time, and people are more willing to travel and spend, which can not only meet the spiritual consumption needs, but also reflect the upgrading of residents' consumption.
In the afternoon, I began to be lonely and did not want to go out. I have not adjusted the state of the children not being around.
Cheer up and say to the dog Nana, Mom will take you out.
After carefully writing several things to do when going out, the character characteristics of type A blood became stronger and stronger, and I felt very awkward.
Take a suit, buy nutrition grains, pay, buy sashimi, Nana's small snacks.
The above is the reason for going out.
On the phone, I just said to my sister Ai Qiang that thanks to Nana, there would be no excuse to buy small snacks.
There was a perfunctory smile, saying that the child had called and hung up.
Nana jumped on the assistant seat and got down honestly. She knew she was carsick, frightened and unwilling not to accompany me.
Husband Boo rarely came back early.
He admired the delicious salad of salmon mixed with shea butter, and then went to the bedroom to lie in bed and watch TV.
Looking at the wall, it was just 7 o'clock, the country of sunrise and sunset was early, and it was already dark.
The circle of friends is inventing the month. It turns out that today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Washed a bunch of grapes sent by friends, left half for Boo, put the rest in the favorite flower bowl and took it out to see the moon.
Sitting on the ground with Nana, I ate the grapes and she ate the skin, and I spat the seeds of the grapes far away.
The moon is hiding in the clouds. Fortunately, when the clouds are walking, the moon suddenly appears, bright and dark.
The mind is surging with all kinds of poems about the bright moon, but I only clearly like this sentence: Reunion every three to five days / full of clear light to protect the jade column / a round in the sky / all the surnames in the world look up.
Maybe we give too much emotion to the moonlight. For me now, in fact, the sentence of God to God and Caesar to Caesar is the best.
The color of the moon belongs to the color of the moon, and the mood belongs to yourself.
After eating the grapes, the cold moon was chilly.
Nana had a slight snoring at her feet, stood up and spread Nana's little blanket on the edge of her little house. Nana lay happily on it.
Open the door and shout: Is the bath water ready?
You can't see the moon from the bathroom window. You can only feel the moonlight. Turn off the bathroom light and open the glass.
I didn't eat moon cakes or drink.
The 2020 Dubai World Expo released the mascot.
The launch ceremony of the mascot of the 2020 Dubai World Expo was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on the 26th.
The mascot consists of six cartoon images, including two UAE children, three flying robots and a UAE national tree.
The conference introduced the information of 6 mascots to the audience by playing video clips.
Rashid, a 9-year-old boy, and Rathi, an 8-year-old girl, are brother and sister, representing the people of the United Arab Emirates.
The three robots correspond to the three sub-themes of the Expo. The blue robot represents "mobility," the green robot represents "sustainability" and the yellow robot represents "opportunity."
An ancient pastoral bean tree named "Salama" is the "old grandmother" of five "little guys," symbolizing the ancestors who guarded the land.
Ahmed, Chairman of the Dubai World Expo High Committee, said that the mascot can strengthen the emotional connection between large-scale events and participants. "I believe that the mascot of the Dubai World Expo will convey the traditional spirit of telling stories, display the creativity of local talents and express our ambition and expectations."
UAE Vice President and Prime Minister, Dubai Chief Mohammed, Dubai Crown Prince Hamdan, UAE Minister of State for International Cooperation, Director of Dubai Expo Bureau Lim Hashimi and others attended the launch ceremony.
The Dubai Expo will be held in Dubai from October 20, 2020 to April 10, 2021. The theme is "Communication ideas, creating the future."
This will be the first time that the Expo will be held in the Middle East.
Starting next year, Chinese students can apply for German undergraduate degree based on the results of the college entrance examination
Recently, Germany's Anabin database, which is responsible for the evaluation and certification of foreign academic qualifications, announced on the official website: Starting from 2020, Chinese high school graduates can directly apply for undergraduate degrees in German universities on the basis of the results of the college entrance examination, and do not need to register in domestic universities first.
Before this, Chinese high school graduates who want to apply to German universities need to study for one semester (211,985 universities) or three semesters (ordinary undergraduate) at home, and pass the APS examination or TestAS examination.
The release of the new regulations may save at least half a year for Chinese students who wish to study in Germany.
It is reported that the new regulations will take effect in the second half of 2019.
Applicants need to meet: Complete 12 years of formal compulsory education and obtain a high school graduation certificate; take the examination and college entrance examination, and the college entrance examination score reaches 70% or more of the total score (if the total score is 750 points, it needs to reach more than 525 points), and it includes two language results and one mathematics or natural science achievement.
In addition, specific specialties have different requirements for college entrance examination results.
For example, when applying for medicine, oral medicine, veterinary medicine, pharmacy and other specialties, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology, or take part in the comprehensive examination; when applying for law majors, the college entrance examination score must reach 80% of the full score, and the college entrance examination subjects must include at least two subjects in foreign languages, history and geography, or take part in the comprehensive examination.
According to incomplete statistics, many countries, including Germany, Britain, Canada and Australia, have recognized China's college entrance examination results.
Taking Britain as an example, Cambridge University, Birmingham University, Leicester University and other universities accept Chinese students to apply for study on the basis of the results of the college entrance examination.
Military "Robot Dog" takes performance lessons first Sun Troupe: Consider including in the performance lineup.
The "robot dog" funded by the US military for the battlefield may now be on the circus stage first!
Cirque du Soleil said recently that it is in contact with Boston Dynamics, which develops robots, to discuss the feasibility of applying robots to circus performances.
According to foreign media reports, Boston   Dynamics announced the publicity film of "four-legged robot Spot" on the 24th. The content shows that Spot is an agile mobile robot, which can carry 14 kilograms, with high mobility adapted to cross-country terrain, 360-degree obstacle avoidance function, navigation, remote control and autonomy.
In particular, Spot has an exclusive software platform specially developed for Spot. Users can set up Spot robot functions through various applications.
Boston   Dynamics first published the concept of robot dog in 1992, which caused a sensation at that time, but it has not really been put into commercial application.
However, Boston   Dynamics pointed out that at present, Spot has entered the mass production stage, and most of the buyers are mainly construction and energy operators.
In addition, Cirque du Soleil is currently in contact with Boston   Dynamics. Cirque du Soleil said that the project is still in the conception stage and is assessing the potential of Spot to be used in the performance scene.
The Information Office of the State Council released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era"
On the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, the Information Office of the State Council issued a white paper entitled "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
Xu Lin, Vice Minister of the Central Propaganda Department and Director of the Information Office of the State Council, said that the white paper systematically introduces China's development achievements, development path and development direction around issues such as "where China comes from and where it goes," "what kind of world China promotes to build" and "how the developing China gets along with the world," and thoroughly expounds the relationship between China and the world in order to enhance the international community's understanding and understanding of China's development.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has undergone earth-shaking changes, creating an unprecedented development miracle in human history. Especially since the 18th CPC National Congress, China's development has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes.
Through a large number of data and facts, the white paper introduces the great achievements, great significance and world contributions of China's development over the past 70 years.
The white paper points out that China has completed the development process of developed countries for hundreds of years in a few decades. Its total economy has jumped to the second place in the world. Nearly 1.4 billion people have got rid of material shortages, generally reached a well-off level and enjoyed unprecedented dignity and rights.
The white paper emphasizes that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have started from scratch, relied on themselves and worked hard to create a new world; over the past 70 years, China has developed in contact and interaction with the world, embracing the world, learning from the world and contributing to the world; over the past 70 years, while achieving self-development, China has contributed to world peace and injected impetus into the common development of all countries.
The white paper points out that the fundamental reason for the success of China's development over the past 70 years is that under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the Chinese people have found the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
The white paper emphasizes that the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics is a road established from the national conditions of the country, a road that puts the interests of the people first, a road of reform and innovation, a road of seeking common development in opening up, and a road of comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China's development path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times, and will show a bright development prospect with the progress of the times.
In response to the international community's concern about China's development, the white paper emphasizes that achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth. Opening up to the outside world in all directions creates more opportunities for the development of all countries, China provides more public goods to the international community, China's development provides experience and reference for other developing countries, and China will never follow the path of "national strength must dominate."
Faced with the question of "what is wrong with the world and what about human beings," the white paper points out that today's world is undergoing great changes not seen in a hundred years, and human society is full of both hopes and challenges.
China proposes to build a community of human destiny, opening up a new development path of win-win cooperation, co-construction and sharing, providing a new choice for human development.
The white paper calls on all countries to unite to build a new type of international relations, promote a new type of economic globalization, maintain the international system with the United Nations as the core, promote the exchange and mutual learning of civilizations, jointly promote the construction of a community of human destiny and build a better world.
With the increasing development of China, the international community is generally concerned about how the developing China gets along with the world.
The white paper points out that China's development cannot be separated from the world, and the world's peaceful development, prosperity and stability cannot be separated from China.
China has always placed its own development in the coordinate system of human development, insisting on win-win cooperation and common development, insisting on maintaining and promoting economic globalization, actively developing global partnership, firmly supporting multilateralism, maintaining international fairness and justice, promoting the high-quality development of building the "Belt and Road," actively participating in leading the reform and construction of the global governance system, and always being a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
At present, China's development has entered a new era.
The white paper points out that in the new era, China's determination to follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics will not change, its determination to learn from each other and cooperate for win-win results with other countries will not change, and its determination to walk hand in hand with the world will not change.
Finally, the white paper points out that in today's world, the future and destiny of all countries have never been so closely linked.
The white paper "China and the World in the New Era" consists of foreword, text and concluding remarks, with a full text of more than 29,000 words.
The white paper is published in eight languages, including Chinese, English, French, Russian, German, Spanish, Arabic and Japanese. It is published by the People's Publishing House and the Foreign Language Publishing House respectively, and distributed in Xinhua Bookstores throughout the country.
Will Ma Hua participate in the by-election for the National Assembly seat of Danjung Biai, Johor State?
Dato 'Seri Wei Jiaxiang, President of Ma Hua: "Submit it to the Supreme Council of the National Front for discussion!"
The by-election of the national seat of Danjung Biai is imminent. Whether Ma Hua of the National Front member party will take the traditional national seat has attracted attention.
However, after the meeting of the Ma Huazhong Committee, it was announced that it would be left to the Supreme Council of the National Front to decide whether this traditional Ma Hua seat would continue to be handed over to Ma Hua or replaced by other member parties.
After presiding over the meeting of the Ma Huazhong Committee on Thursday afternoon, Wei Jiaxiang told the media that any by-election will be conducted by the National Front in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOP), that is, it will need to pass the meeting of the National Front Supreme Council before it can be finalized.
He said that since the Election Committee will only meet next Monday (1st) to finalize the by-election of Danjung Biai, the meeting of the Supreme Council of the National Front is expected to be held in early October.
"Yesterday morning (26th), I also met with Dato 'Sri Amozahi, chairman of the National Front. We all agreed that we must regain this seat from the Hope Alliance."
"We have decided to hold a special meeting of the leaders of the National Front in early October. The leaders of the three parties of the National Front will determine which member party will take the lead."
Asked whether Ma Hua would insist on the traditional seat to the Supreme Council of the National Front, Wei Jiaxiang reiterated that as the President of Ma Hua, he must act in accordance with the standard operating procedures, so any decision must obtain the consensus of the National Front.
"In any by-election, it is common for someone to be willing to go out. There are political parties and some parties who think they should come out."
"The most important thing is what organization and political alliance do we come from?"
"This is a great test of the political alliance we have formed over the years. We believe that the National Front has carried some valuable values along the way."
"It is not surprising that someone may say something in this process."
"However, once the National Front Supreme Council has made a decision, everyone must make every effort to prepare for war. That is the most valuable."
In any case, Wei Jiaxiang said that Ma Hua will make every effort to prepare for the upcoming Danjung Biai by-election at three levels, namely the District Council, the State Council and the Central Committee.
"The District Council will be led by Dato Sri Huang Risheng, Chairman of the District Council (Danjung Biai); the State Council will be led by Dato Lin Peixing, Acting Chairman of the Rou State Council; as for the Central Committee, it will be personally deployed by Dato Ma Hanshun, Acting President, and Dato Zhang Shengwen, General Secretary."
Last Saturday (21st), Dato Mohamad Fari, a member of the National Assembly of the Indigenous Unity Party, died of heart problems in the government hospital. He was 42 years old.
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was ordered to "patrol the mountain" to hunt wild animals
A villager in Baokang County, Hubei Province was sentenced for hunting wild animals and ordered to compensate for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage of 15,420 yuan (RMB, the same as below).
Due to the poverty of the defendant's family, the procuratorial organs used alternative labor to compensate for the cost of ecological restoration, achieving the organic unity of legal and social effects.
Wang Zhongliang, deputy procurator-general of Baokang County Procuratorate, introduced on the 27th that through three months of "compulsory mountain inspection" and other alternative work, the defendant Zhou had established deep feelings with wild macaques and deeply blamed himself for the previous animal hunting behavior.
On June 21 this year, a criminal incidental civil public interest lawsuit filed by the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office in the field of ecological resources was publicly tried in the county court and pronounced in court.
The defendant, Zhou, was sentenced to 3 years' imprisonment, 4 years' probation and a fine of 3,000 yuan. At the same time, he was ordered to compensate 15,420 yuan for the cost of repairing ecological resources and environmental damage.
After investigation, Zhou began to set up a power grid at the cliff in late January 2014, hunting more than 20 wild animals, including antelope, small muntjac, woolly deer and so on.
The antelope is a national second-class endangered wildlife protection animal. The small muntjac and woolly deer are listed in the National Terrestrial Wildlife Protection List.
During the trial, Zhou confessed to his illegal facts and actions and was willing to bear incidental civil liability.
However, considering the poor economic situation of Zhou's family, under the coordination of the Baokang County Prosecutor's Office, the local village committee, the forest station and Zhou reached an agreement on alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs: That is, Zhou provided public welfare services to compensate for ecological restoration costs by carrying out macaque domestication and management work, compulsory mountain inspection and forest protection in the village macaque reserve for one year.
With regard to the prosecutor's proposal, the court expressed its approval and agreed that while Zhou carried out the suspended sentence, he actively fulfilled the obligation of "alternative labor compensation for ecological restoration costs."
At present, Zhou has been working in the macaque monkey reserve for 3 months, actively visiting the mountains and performing well.
In recent years, the Baokang County Procuratorate has organically integrated the procuratorial function and social governance behavior in practice, scientifically using procuratorial advice, investigation supervision, litigation supervision and other supervision methods, and using judicial means to minimize the damage caused by criminal acts to the ecological environment.
The United Nations awarded the "Guardian of the Earth Award" to "Ant Forest"
Amid warm applause and magnificent music, Xu Di, head of the "Ant Forest" project, and Shen Junliang, user representative, walked onto the podium and received the trophy of the 2019 United Nations "Guardian of the Earth Award" from the host.
The 2019 "Guardian of the Earth Award" award ceremony was held in New York, USA on the 26th. The "Ant Forest" project, which uses mobile phone small programs to drive hundreds of millions of people to participate in environmental protection actions, won the "Incentive and Action Award" award.
A week ago, the United Nations Environment Programme announced the winning list at its headquarters in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya, but the people who attended the award ceremony on the same day could not hide their excitement.
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency, the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme, Yinger Annosheng, said that "Ant Forest" is an exciting innovation. It enables hundreds of millions of people to take action to understand the environmental challenges facing human beings and what human beings can do for the environment.
It uses technology to connect people and the environment, so that every individual can participate in the action to protect the earth, which will have a great impact.
"Ant Forest" was launched by China Ant Financial Services Group (referred to as Ant Gold Service) on the Alipay platform in August 2016. Users accumulate "green energy" by recording green travel in their daily life and paying water and electricity bills online, and "plant trees" in their mobile phones.
Every time users form a virtual tree, "ant forest" and public welfare partners will plant a real tree in the desertified area.
As of August this year, 500 million "ant forest" users had reduced carbon emissions by 7.92 million tons and planted 122 million trees in desertified areas.
In the "Guardian of the Earth Award" awarded on the same day, Costa Rica won the award for its national environmental protection efforts. Costa Rican President Carlos Alvarado, who came to accept the award, praised the contribution of "Ant Forest" at the scene. "It is impressive to inspire so many people to participate in green action."
Jing Xiandong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ant Gold Service, said that the "Earth Guardian Award" is an affirmation of the "Ant Forest" project.
Technology and open platforms make it possible for everyone to participate in low-carbon life. This honor belongs to all participants.
Jing Xiandong said that "ant forest" has affected 500 million people in the past three years. The goal of "ant forest" in the next three years is to drive 1 billion people around the world to participate in low-carbon actions.
While combating desertification and protecting the environment, they are also exploring how to make farmers' income come more from green mountains and green water.
In addition to providing employment opportunities by planting trees, we also hope to help farmers increase their income through agricultural product development projects and e-commerce platforms.
The public welfare environmental protection model based on digital technology created by "Ant Forest" has also successfully gone to sea and has been used by other countries.
In June this year, GCash, the largest "electronic wallet" in the Philippines, launched the Philippine version of "Ant Forest," encouraging Filipino users to better protect the environment through low carbon living.
According to the introduction, GCash will join hands with the Philippine Department of Environment and Natural Resources and environmental protection public welfare organizations to plant 365,000 trees in the Philippines within one year of the launch of the project.
The "Guardian of the Earth Award" is the highest award of the United Nations in the field of environmental protection. It is awarded once a year.
The "Ant Forest" award is the third consecutive year that a green innovation project from China has won the "Incentive and Action Award" award after the builder of Saihanba Forest Farm in China and the "Thousand Villages Demonstration and Thousand Villages Improvement" project in Zhejiang Province, China.
Economic and trade frictions affect the "report card" of the US economy.
The US economic "report card" for the second quarter of this year shows that due to the sharp decline in private sector investment and exports, the growth rate of US gross domestic product (GDP) slowed significantly from the previous quarter.
Analysts pointed out that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty it brought were the main reasons for the decline in private sector investment and exports in the second quarter.
The final revised data released by the US Department of Commerce on the 26th showed that US GDP grew at an annual rate of 2% in the second quarter, the same as the revised data previously announced, but significantly lower than the 3.1% in the first quarter.
The data show that consumption growth became the main factor supporting US economic growth in the second quarter.
Personal consumption expenditure, which accounts for about 70% of the US economy, increased by 4.6% in the quarter, driving economic growth by 3.03 percentage points.
In addition, government consumption expenditure and investment drove economic growth by 0.82 percentage points.
However, private sector investment fell by 6.3% in the second quarter compared with the previous quarter, dragging down economic growth by 1.16 percentage points; exports fell by 5.7% compared with the previous quarter, and net exports dragged down economic growth by 0.68 percentage points.
Barry Knapp, managing partner of Ainside Macroeconomic Consulting Company of the United States, said that private sector investment not only failed to maintain the growth momentum of last year, but fell sharply. This is because economic and trade friction and rising uncertainty hit business confidence.
Knapp believes that under the influence of policy uncertainty, US corporate capital expenditure is still expected to decline next year.
Analysts believe that although consumption growth has provided strong support to the US economy in the second quarter, there are more and more signs that economic and trade friction and the uncertainty it brings have affected consumer confidence and had a negative impact on the US consumption outlook.
Richard Curtin, a professor of economics at the University of Michigan, who led the survey, said recently that in the latest survey, 38% of consumers spontaneously mentioned the negative impact of tariffs on the US economy, a new high in a year and a half.
With regard to the future trend of the US economy, analysts generally believe that the US economy will continue to slow down.
However, some experts said that if economic and trade friction is eased, the performance of the US industrial sector and financial market will improve.
Kailin Birch, a global economist at the British Economist Intelligence Unit, predicts that the US economy will continue the gradual downward trend since this year, and the growth rate will fall to a lower level than in the second quarter.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, predicts that under the assumption that economic and trade frictions will not continue to escalate, the US economic growth rate will be 2.3% this year and will further slow to 1.6% next year.
Ellen Harzen, investment manager of Patnam Investment Company, pointed out that the biggest concern of enterprises at present is economic and trade disputes and the uncertainty they bring. If economic and trade disputes can be resolved, the uncertainty will be greatly reduced and the performance of the industrial sector will be much better than at present.
Matt Melly, equity strategist at Miller-Tabak Asset Management Company, said that economic and trade friction is still the "primary problem" and the main reason for the sharp fluctuations in the US capital market this year. Whether economic and trade friction can be properly resolved will be the key to the direction of the US capital market in the rest of this year.
Ningxia pioneered joint parental leave for couples. Parents of children aged 0 to 3 can take 10 days per year
Protecting the legitimate rights and interests of women is the embodiment of respecting and protecting human rights and an important symbol of the progress of social civilization.
On September 27, at the 15th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, the "Regulations on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region" was passed by a high vote.
This is the first local regulation formulated and promulgated at the provincial level in Ningxia to comprehensively and systematically safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of women. It will be officially implemented from November 1, 2019.
It is understood that the Regulations adopted this time were revised on the basis of the "Measures for the Implementation of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests in Ningxia" in 2007. They are divided into 9 chapters and 65 articles, including general provisions, political rights, cultural and educational rights and interests, labor and social security rights and interests, property rights and interests, personal rights, marriage and family rights and interests, legal responsibilities and by-laws.
In the Regulations, Ningxia encourages the exploration of joint parental leave for couples, which is the first of its kind in the country.
In April this year, the General Office of the State Council issued the "Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Development of Care Services for Infants and Children under the Age of 3," which has a relevant description of couples raising children together.
In the process of revising the Regulations, Ningxia innovatively proposed that "employers are encouraged to give couples who have children in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations 10 days of joint parental leave per year between the ages of zero and three."
At the same time, the Regulations highlight the fight against sexual harassment and the protection of female minors.
Article 43 of the Regulations incorporates the latest legislative achievements in the compilation of personality rights in China's current Civil Code, and makes detailed provisions on the constituent elements of sexual harassment, the subject and mechanism of anti-sexual harassment.
Article 44 of the Regulations explicitly prohibits the frequent vicious incidents of sexual abuse of girls and requires educational institutions to carry out relevant education, protection and prevention work, which has become a new benchmark for the protection of girls in local legislation.
With regard to women's right to know and deal with the common property of marriage and family, Article 35 of the Regulations clearly stipulates women's right to know about the common property and the obligations of property registration agencies and related subjects, so as to provide solid institutional support for women's rights protection.
In addition, with regard to the social hot issue of gender discrimination in employment, Article 26 of the Regulations not only prohibits direct discrimination, but also orders the prohibition of indirect discrimination, and draws on the latest practical experience of joint interviews, strengthens the punishment for illegal acts of gender discrimination, and more vigorously protects the legitimate rights and interests of women.
In recent years, the Ningxia Women's Federation, together with the Public Inspection and Law Department, civil affairs and other departments, has promoted and introduced social professional forces to participate in the mediation of marriage and family conflicts and anti-domestic violence work, with remarkable results.
The Regulations summarize and upgrade this. Many laws encourage the mobilization of social forces and the accumulation of social resources to jointly safeguard women's rights and interests, and require people's governments at or above the county level to provide stable and institutional protection and support through the purchase of services.
Academician Yuan Longping, Xing UNITA, Inner Mongolia
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Xing UNITA Administrative Office of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that the "Xing UNITA academician Yuan Longping Work Station Saline Resistance Rice Field Inspection and Acceptance Review Conference" held recently in the Union brought good news. The average yield of saline resistant rice per mu exceeded 1,000 jin.
A production testing expert group composed of six experts from Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Yangzhou University and Hunan Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs sampled and harvested the "Xing Salt Series" rice on the spot.
After expert evaluation, on land with a pH value of 8.8 to 9.6 and a salinity content of 5 to 6, the average yield of saline-tolerant rice per mu reached 508.8 kg.
Wang Shigang, executive director of Xing UNITA academician Yuan Longping workstation, said, "Our next step is to innovate and reform on the basis of this year's experiment, and to cultivate and optimize saline-tolerant rice varieties again, so as to make the quality better and the yield higher."
Lai Yongcai, head of the production testing expert group, vice president and researcher of Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences, said, "On the premise that the factors of production remain unchanged, I believe that by continuously strengthening scientific and technological solutions, saline-tolerant rice will continue to produce miracles on saline land."
Xing UNITA belongs to the concentrated special hardship area at the southern foot of Daxing'anling.
In October 2018, academician Yuan Longping's workstation was unveiled in Xing UNITA.
Academician Yuan Longping led the team of experts to speed up the introduction and promotion of the newly cultivated "saline-resistant hybrid rice" varieties and advanced technologies, build a 960 mu saline-resistant rice base in Korqin Right Wing Central Banner, and adopt the technical route of testing and demonstration while promoting, so as to promote the local poor to increase production, increase income and get rid of poverty and become rich.
This on-site production of saline-tolerant rice not only injected hope for the upgrading of saline medium and low yield fields to medium and high yield fields, but also provided a scientific basis for the cultivation of saline rice under the same conditions in China.
According to the Australian Network, after marathon debate and weeks of protests, on September 26 local time, the new state of Australia passed a bill to legalize abortion.
It is reported that the bill has triggered political debate in the past eight weeks. Since independent MP Greenwich announced the introduction of the bill, there have been serious differences within the Australian Liberal Party.
The report said that after nearly 40 hours of discussion, the Australian New State Senate passed the abortion legalization bill by 26 votes to 14 on the night of the 25th, making it the third longest bill considered by the New State Senate.
On the morning of the 26th, after the final vote in the Xinzhou House of Representatives, Xinzhou legalized abortion.
The bill allows a woman to terminate her pregnancy at 22 weeks of pregnancy. If two doctors agree, it also allows a woman to have an abortion later in pregnancy.
The Senate passed an amendment on the evening of the 25th. Doctors can seek advice from the multidisciplinary team of the hospital advisory committee before performing abortion surgery for women after 22 weeks of pregnancy.
In addition, the amendment passed by the Senate also includes that doctors must provide appropriate care for babies who survive the termination of pregnancy.
Previously, New State Governor Berejiklian faced public criticism from conservatives on the bill. Berejiklian intervened many times in order to gain more debate time for the bill, but she did not attend the final vote.
Berejiklian defended his absentee voting, saying, "I need to spend time managing the whole new state."
It is reported that Australian Liberal Party Member Davis was the strongest opponent of the abortion bill. He threatened to withdraw from the new state government because of the bill, saying that the bill triggered a "government crisis."
But after that, Davis made concessions.
Davis said, "The content of the amendment to the abortion legalization bill submitted to the House of Representatives on the morning of the 26th actually provides more protection for women and doctors."
At the same time, Barry Laro, leader of the New State National Party of Australia, said he was proud to be a member of the government that legalized abortion.
"What we achieved last night is historic for Xinzhou. It legalizes abortion. Abortion is no longer a crime, and women who have abortions will not be treated as criminals."
SANY Group's major projects settled in Zhuzhou.
With a total investment of 15 billion yuan, emphasis is placed on the development of oil intelligent equipment and smart steel industry.
Today, the Zhuzhou Municipal People's Government and SANY Group held a project signing ceremony.
SANY Group has invested 15 billion yuan to develop smart steel industry, oil smart equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base), engineering machinery second-hand car market and other industrial projects in Zhuzhou. The annual comprehensive output value is expected to exceed 200 billion yuan.
The Trinity Smart Iron and Steel Industry Project, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan, is located in Hetang District and will focus on building into the largest steel and product trading center in the province and even the central region. It is also the intelligent manufacturing and processing center of metal structural parts of SANY Group. The oil intelligent equipment and regional research and development center (headquarters base) project, with a total investment of 5 billion yuan, will focus on building an oil intelligent equipment production base and building a regional research and development center and headquarters base.
At the same time, SANY Group will also build a second-hand car market for engineering machinery in Zhuzhou High-tech Zone, and carry out pragmatic cooperation in intelligent manufacturing and other fields.
Zhuzhou City attaches great importance to cooperation with SANY Group.
The city listed the cooperation project as the "No. 1 project" for attracting investment in the city this year. Mao Tengfei, secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, and Yang Weiguo, mayor, took the lead in setting up a special coordination group, efficiently docking and advancing at a high level, providing quality and efficient services for the development of SANY Group in Zhuzhou. From the intended contact to the formal signing of the cooperation agreement, it took less than 100 days.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun: 67 central enterprises and financial institutions have transferred 860.1 billion yuan of state capital to enrich the social security fund.
Minister of Finance Liu Kun said on the 27th that up to now, 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have completed the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund, with a total transfer of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital.
Liu Kun made the above statement at the national task deployment meeting on the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund jointly held by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and SASAC on the same day.
"The transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund is an important measure to reform and improve the basic pension insurance system. It is a full manifestation of the sharing of the development results of state-owned enterprises and the intergenerational equity of the basic pension insurance system. It is a policy measure based on the present and taking into account the long term."
In 2017, the State Council issued the "Implementation Plan for the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Enrichment the Social Security Fund," requiring the selection of some central enterprises and some provinces to carry out the pilot.
According to Liu Kun, the preliminary work has achieved positive results.
At the central level, three batches of 67 central enterprises and central financial institutions have been completed, transferring a total of about 860.1 billion yuan of state-owned capital.
Among them, the transfer of central financial institutions performing the duties of donors by the Ministry of Finance has been basically completed.
The transfer of central enterprises has a certain scale.
At the local level, the preliminary work of enterprise transfer has been carried out successively.
By the end of 2018, the pilot work in Zhejiang and Yunnan provinces had been basically completed, transferring 15.8 billion yuan and 18.5 billion yuan of state-owned capital respectively.
In addition to the pilot provinces, other provinces have also carried out preparatory work for the transfer, laying the foundation for the next step of the transfer.
According to the notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission, the transfer of some state-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the social security fund will be fully launched in 2019 and will be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The meeting held on the same day made a concrete deployment for the overall promotion of the transfer work.
The meeting stressed the need to complete the transfer work pragmatically and efficiently.
"According to the schedule, the transfer work should be basically completed by the end of 2020.
The working time is tight and the task is heavy. "
Liu Kun said that all regions and departments should carefully organize and make careful arrangements to ensure that the transfer work is completed according to the requirements; firmly promote the work and accurately grasp the content of the transfer policy; strengthen communication and coordination and solve difficult problems in a timely manner.
The transfer of state capital to enrich the social security fund - starting from the starting point of "enriching the money bag of the social security fund," the aim is to provide strong support for old-age security.
However, the author believes that this is not a simple "physical displacement," but a "mathematical addition."
On September 20, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Human and Social Affairs, SASAC, the General Administration of Taxation and the Securities Regulatory Commission jointly issued the "Notice on the Comprehensive Promotion of the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Enrichment the Social Security Fund," clarifying the timetable for the transfer of State capital to the Social Security Fund, that is, the transfer of some State-owned capital from the central and local governments to enrich the Social Security Fund will be fully launched in 2019.
After the publication of the document, the Ministry of Finance and other departments implemented it quickly.
On September 25, the Ministry of Finance transferred all 10% of the shares of Industrial and Commercial Bank and Agricultural Bank to the Social Security Fund. The total value of the two shares transferred exceeded 115 billion yuan.
According to the regulations, the Social Security Foundation and other recipients, as financial investors, enjoy the right of income, disposal and knowledge of the state-owned shares allocated.
ICBC and Agricultural Bank said in the announcement that this change in rights and interests will not lead to changes in the bank's controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
In this regard, the author believes that the similar transfer of shares of state-owned enterprises is not a simple change in the ownership of shares, but an "addition operation" that can stimulate a series of effects.
The "addition result" of the first step in the transfer of some state capital to social security can naturally reflect that state-owned enterprises are owned by the whole people and the development results are shared by the whole people.
After years of reform and development, state-owned enterprises, especially central enterprises, are mostly in important industries and fields in China's economy, and their overall profitability is strong and stable.
Among them, leading enterprises continue to achieve excellence and strength.
On July 10, the executive meeting of the State Council decided to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund this year.
The Ministry of Finance immediately said that it would work with relevant departments to fully promote the transfer of some state-owned capital to enrich the social security fund in accordance with the deployment of the executive meeting of the State Council, fully reflecting the intergenerational equity of the basic pension insurance system and the sharing of the fruits of the development of state-owned enterprises.
The second step of "addition results" is to enhance the sustainability of China's social security fund and further strengthen the foundation of the old-age social security system.
With the aging of the population, China's social security funds are under pressure, and most of the national capital, which is the main body of transfer, has the ability to make continuous profits and dividends. It can not only effectively supplement the social security fund, but also provide a source of living water for the social security fund.
Estimates show that for every 3.8 percentage points of state-owned capital transferred, the deposit ratio of enterprise basic pension insurance can be reduced by 1 percentage point.
The third step of "addition results" is to add stabilizers to the capital market.
The way for the main body to obtain income is "dividends as the main and operation as the auxiliary."
As a financial investor of state-owned capital, the social security fund does focus on obtaining equity dividend income.
However, as a value investor in the capital market, the social security fund has strong capital operation ability.
For listed assets in state-owned capital, the participation of the Social Security Fund in shareholding will further optimize the corporate governance structure of listed enterprises, help improve the management level of enterprises, and have a positive impact on listed companies and the capital market.
At the same time, as an investment weather vane, the increase in the weight of shares is conducive to further enhancing its influence in the market and playing the role of "stabilizer" in the market.
In addition, it is also conducive to giving full play to the "value discovery" function of institutional investors and guiding investors to invest rationally and value.
Karl Hartmann was admitted to the Leipzig Conservatory of Music at the age of 18.
After the Nazis came to power, Hartman first resisted in the form of not publishing works in Germany, and later even stopped creating works.
In 1933, he created the symphony Miserae and dedicated the work to "my sleeping friends."
In 1935, the symphony was premiered in Prague, but was harassed by Nazi bureaucrats.
After that, Hartman was determined not to play any of his works under Nazi rule.
Hartmann's funeral concerto is a violin and string concerto. At that time, the manuscript of this music was stolen out of Germany and held its premiere in Switzerland.
Listen to the funeral concerto performed by the Bern Chamber Orchestra at the Beethoven Festival in 2018.
The US Senate approved Scalia as Secretary of Labor - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, September 26 (reporter Sun Ding Deng Xianlai) The Senate of the US Congress voted on the 26th to approve President Trump's nomination of Eugene Scalia as Secretary of Labor.
The vote was 53-44, with no Democrats voting for Scalia.
Republicans believe that Scalia's resume makes him very suitable to be Secretary of Labor.
But in the view of the Democrats, Scalia stood against the workers and trade unions for a long time in his career as a lawyer.
Scalia will replace Alexander Acosta.
Acosta, then Minister of Labour, announced his resignation in July this year under great public pressure because he was accused of "leniency" to Jeffrey Epstein, an American billionaire suspected of sexually assaulting and trafficking young girls.
Scalia is 56 years old and is a partner of a well-known law firm in the United States. His father is the late US Federal Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
The Ministry of Labour is a cabinet-level department of the US federal government, which is in charge of labour-related affairs.
The White House also issued a statement on the same day, saying that Trump has nominated Peter Gainer, acting director of FEMA, to officially lead the agency.
According to the procedure, Gainer's nomination must be approved by the Senate of the National Assembly.
FEMA belongs to the US Department of Homeland Security and is responsible for coordinating the resources of the federal government to deal with natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other emergencies and follow-up matters in the United States.
Since the first appearance of the National Day 35th anniversary military parade, every time a major military parade is organized, the "Big Mac" square of the strategic missile force will appear.
"This National Day parade is the first appearance of the Rocket Force on Chang'an Street after changing from 'soldier' to 'army'."
Wang Bo, head of the command group of the Rocket Force Equipment Team, said.
The missile troops under review fully carried forward the spirit of being particularly able to work hard, especially able to fight and especially able to dedicate themselves, strictly trained and scientifically organized. The military parade training reflected three main characteristics, showed a good image of the strategic military service, and paid more attention to the strict style.
In this military parade training, both generals and soldiers strictly require standards and forge a strong style of discipline and prohibition.
They also paid attention to promoting the craftsman spirit, grasping every detail to practice technology, perseverance and style, forming the characteristics of "strong military posture, fast action and bright answers," constantly building a powerful missile square with a strict style, and paying more attention to scientific and technological innovation.
As a high-tech strategic service, the Rocket Force talks about science and technology and focuses on innovation is a fine tradition and advantage.
In this military parade training, on the basis of learning from past experience, they broke the mindset, broke through the traditional methods, used advanced means such as satellite positioning, laser ranging, high-definition imaging and real-time speed measurement to improve the training level and quality benefits, ensure that the combination of people and cars is not bad, the actions of the square team are not bad, and better meet the actual combat standards.
The troops under review of the Rocket Force adhere to the same standards and higher requirements of the parade ground and the launch site, hold every gate and keep an eye on every detail, so that the troops under review can withstand quenching and hammering, and truly make the National Day parade ground a training ground and examination room to enhance the combat effectiveness of the troops.
Iran was confirmed to have developed advanced centrifuges to further suspend the implementation of the Iran nuclear agreement
According to the "Central News Agency" on September 27, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on the 26th that Iran's use of advanced centrifuges to make enriched uranium has once again violated the Iran nuclear agreement.
It is reported that Iran is gradually violating the restrictions of the Iran nuclear agreement in response to US President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement in May 2018 and the resumption and strengthening of sanctions against Iran.
Iran suspended two other commitments in July, keeping the stock of enriched uranium below 300 kg and the purity of enriched uranium not exceeding 3.67%.
According to the nuclear agreement, Iran can only set up about 5,000 first-generation IR-1 centrifuges in Natanz to accumulate enriched uranium. In addition, Iran is only allowed to use a small number of more advanced models for research, but does not produce enriched uranium.
If Iran successfully develops more advanced centrifuges, it will be able to produce enriched uranium several times faster, which may be used to make nuclear bombs.
According to the report, the report of the International Atomic Energy Agency pointed out: "On September 25, the Agency has confirmed that Iran's advanced centrifuges for models 2 and 3... are accumulating or are ready to accumulate enriched uranium."
The United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report to member states. A diplomatic official responded, "They are busy at the (Natanz uranium enrichment) facility."
The Vietnamese and Korean Investors and Entrepreneurs Association was officially unveiled.
Chen Hailing, chairman of the Association of Investors and Entrepreneurs of Vietnam and South Korea, said that VKBIA will work together to act as a bridge to strengthen the relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
The two countries strive to increase two-way trade to US $100 billion by 2020.
Mr. Chen Hailing believes that the birth of the association has become an important step towards achieving the above goals.
He hoped that the Vietnamese party, government and relevant functional agencies of South Korea would provide assistance for the future operation of the association.
Vietnamese Deputy Ambassador to South Korea Chen Changshui said that VKBIA will create a good platform for entrepreneurs from Vietnam and South Korea to exchange and share experiences and ideas, with the aim of expanding the space for investment cooperation, helping each other and making more effective contributions to Vietnam's economic development and integration into the international economy, and promoting the vigorous development of trade relations between Vietnam and South Korea.
At the presentation ceremony, representatives of VKBIA signed a cooperation agreement with representatives of the Vietnam Farm and Agricultural Enterprise Association.
VKBIA coincided with the 10th anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Vietnam and South Korea and was born against the background that the two countries are strengthening pragmatic cooperation in the fields of diplomacy, national defense and security, promoting trade and investment cooperation, with the aim of achieving the goal of two-way trade reaching US $100 billion by 2020.
Italy's education minister has proposed a sugar tax to protect people's health.
Lorenzo Fioramonti, Minister of Education in the Cabinet of the new Italian government and a member of the Five Star Movement, recently submitted a motion to the Parliament, suggesting that the Italian government implement a new tax policy on drinks, snacks and airline tickets with high sugar content.
It is reported that according to the motion of the bill proposed by Minister of Education Fiola Monti, the Italian government will levy a snack tax on sugary drinks, snacks and other food commodities that endanger health. At the same time, it will impose an environmental tax on air tickets, 1 euro for domestic flights and 1.5 euros for international flights.
Fioramonti said that through this series of seemingly small tax measures, the Italian government is expected to receive 3 billion euros in tax revenue.
Funds from the tax will be available for education, health and environmental protection.
In response, Italian Prime Minister Conte said that he thought it was a feasible plan; Italian Member of Parliament, European Member of Parliament and leader of the Alliance Party Salvini tweeted sarcastically, please hide desserts, biscuits, bread and sweets quickly, because the new government will start to levy a snack tax.
The report points out that the snack tax refers to a special tax on sugary drinks and high-calorie foods.
The imposition of this tax will help bring benefits to public health.
On the evening of September 25 local time, the Chinese Embassy in Canada held a reception in Ottawa to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
China New Network Ottawa, September 26 (reporter Yu Ruidong) The new Chinese Ambassador to Canada, Cong Peiwu, held a reception in Ottawa on the evening of September 25 local time to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
In his speech, Cong Peiwu said that in the 70 years since the founding of New China, under the strong leadership of the Communist Party of China and the joint efforts of the people of the whole country, the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics has made achievements that have attracted worldwide attention. It has not only profoundly changed the face of China, benefited its own people, but also produced far-reaching world significance.
Based on its own national conditions, China has opened up a path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, expanded the way for developing countries to move towards modernization, and contributed Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems.
The picture shows the guests stopping to watch the photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of New China held at the same time.
Cong Peiwu said that China has created a rare miracle in the history of human development in the world and has made important contributions to promoting world peace and development.
China adheres to an independent foreign policy of peace and has always advocated the basic norms of international relations with the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence as the core. It is a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development and a defender of international order.
China's development provides new opportunities for the development of all countries in the world, including Canada, and benefits the people of all countries.
Cong Peiwu stressed that the development of China-Canada relations over the past 50 years shows that only by adhering to the principles of equality and mutual respect can bilateral relations move forward along the right track.
On the contrary, the relations between the two countries will be frustrated and the interests of the two countries will be damaged.
At present, China-Canada relations have encountered serious difficulties, and the responsibility does not lie with China.
"To solve the bell, you must tie the bell."
We hope that Canada will come up with a proper solution to the outstanding problems in bilateral relations as soon as possible, so as to create conditions for bilateral relations to get back on track.
Canadian government officials, federal senators, friendly people from all walks of life, envoys in Canada and representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and foreign students attended the reception.
Chinese Embassy in Canada Counselor Chen Mingjian, Counselor Heng Xiaojun and other embassy diplomats attended the reception.
A photo exhibition on the theme of the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China was held at the reception site, and promotional videos such as "China 2019" and "Beautiful China" were broadcast.
Chinese and Canadian artists and embassy diplomats performed characteristic literary and art programs.
This is also the first time that Cong Peiwu, as the 16th Chinese ambassador to Canada, appeared in a public event after taking office.
Cong Peiwu arrived in Canada on September 22 and presented a copy of his credentials to Canada's Chief Protocol Officer and Director of Protocol of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Wheeler in Ottawa the next day.
Cong Peiwu, born in May 1967, graduated from the Diplomatic Academy.
He was stationed at the Chinese Embassy in Canada at the beginning of this century.
Before his visit to Canada, he served as Director of the North America and Oceania Department of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Previously, he served as Minister Counsellor and Minister of the Chinese Embassy in the UK.
Hanoi, Vietnam strives to expand cooperative relations with various places in Laos
Mr. Ruan Dezhong reviewed the meaningful exchange of visits between delegations from both sides and affirmed that these activities helped to cultivate the special friendly relations between the two countries expected by President Ho Chi Minh and President Keshan Fengweihan.
Mr. Nguyen Dezhong hopes that Ambassador Tongshawan will continue to play a good role as a bridge and link for the friendly relations between Hanoi and other parts of Laos, including Vientiane.
Ambassador Tongshawan said that Laos has learned from Vietnam's many successful experiences and is deeply impressed by the breakthrough development achieved by Hanoi and even Vietnam in recent years.
Ambassador Tongshawan expressed his gratitude to the Hanoi Municipal Government for its strong support and assistance to the activities of the Lao Embassy in Vietnam, and believed that despite the fluctuations of the global situation, the relations between Vietnam and Laos will continue to develop well.
It is expected that in early 2020, Mr. Nguyen Duc Chung will lead the Hanoi working delegation to pay a working visit to Vientiane, the capital of Laos.
From 2020, Hanoi will provide a number of scholarships to Lao university students studying in various institutions of higher learning in Hanoi.
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Mission to ASEAN held a reception for the 70th anniversary of the National Day.
On the evening of the 26th, the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the Chinese Mission to ASEAN held a reception in Jakarta to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
Indonesian Minister of Trade Lukita, Minister of Land and Spatial Planning Sofian, ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Kang Fu and other guests attended the reception.
More than 1,000 people, including friends from all walks of life in Indonesia, representatives of missions of various countries in Indonesia, ASEAN and international organizations in Indonesia, representatives of overseas Chinese, Chinese-funded institutions and foreign students, and winners of children's paintings on the theme of "Me and China," attended the reception.
Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia Xiao Qian and Ambassador to ASEAN Huang Xilien warmly welcomed the guests.
Speaking on behalf of the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia and the ASEAN Mission, Xiao Qian said that the birth of New China in 1949 opened a new era in Chinese history.
China has moved from closure and backwardness to opening up and progress, from lack of food and clothing to overall well-off, from poverty and weakness to prosperity and prosperity. The Chinese nation has ushered in a historic leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong.
Xiao Qian said that in recent years, China-Indonesia relations have made great progress. The political mutual trust between the two countries has been increasing, pragmatic cooperation has continued to advance, exchanges in various fields have expanded in an all-round way, and the China-Indonesia comprehensive strategic partnership has developed steadily.
China-ASEAN relations have been continuously upgraded, always adhering to mutual respect, understanding, trust and support, and vigorously promoting regional peace, stability and prosperity.
Xiao Qian said that the fundamental reason for the development and changes of New China in the past 70 years is that the Chinese people have initiated and developed the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics under the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
This road conforms to the trend of the times, conforms to China's national conditions, profoundly changes the fate of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation, and also makes great contributions to the peaceful development of the world and the region.
The picture shows the "Theme Tour to Celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" attracting guests to stop and watch.
Xiao Qian said that China and Indonesia and ASEAN will always work together to promote the construction of a new type of international relations, promote the construction of a community of human destiny, and make new and greater contributions to the bilateral, regional and world.
All the guests watched the wonderful video reviewing the brilliant achievements of New China over the past 70 years and reflecting the relations between China, Indonesia and China-ASEAN.
The video, divided into three parts: "China's development achievements are brilliant," "China-Indonesia relations are stable," and "China-ASEAN relations are upgraded in quality," won warm applause.
The reception site also arranged a "theme tour to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China," attracting guests to stop and watch.
Baidu's first self-driving taxi fleet opened trial operation
Yesterday, Baidu announced in Changsha that the trial operation of self-driving taxi team Robotaxi was officially opened.
The first 45 "Red Flag EV" Robotaxi teams jointly developed by Apollo and FAW Red Flag began trial operation on some open test sections in Changsha.
From now on, ordinary Changsha citizens can log on to the Apollo official website to apply to become seed users and have the opportunity to try the experience.
An experience passenger said that he sat in the back of the vehicle, clicked on the screen in front of the passenger seat and opened the vehicle's self-driving journey with one key.
In the car, for the safety of passengers and the requirements of current policies and regulations, the trial operation vehicle is equipped with a safety officer in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers to the maximum extent.
During the driving process, the vehicle can make intelligent changes according to the road conditions. It can also judge the driving conditions of the surrounding vehicles and automatically avoid situations such as overtaking at close range.
During the whole experience, the passenger area screen shows the road conditions of pedestrians, cars and even some traditional blind areas in real time.
Even if the vehicle is blocked, you can see the change of traffic lights and waiting time in front of you in advance.
I heard about driverless on TV before and thought it was far away from us, but today I found it in our life and felt amazing.
We expect it to really enter the lives of the common people in the future.
In June 2019, Apollo received 45 manned test licences issued by the Changsha Municipal Government.
At present, the self-driving test open road in Changsha passes through Changsha Artificial Intelligence Technology City, Meixi Lake, Yang Lake, Wang Shan, High-tech Zone and other areas, with a total length of 135 kilometers and a demonstration area of 70 square kilometers. It is currently the intelligent driving demonstration area with the longest road mileage, the largest area, the most complex coverage scene and the most advanced vehicle road coordination infrastructure in China.
It is expected that by the end of 2019, the trial operation road of the Apollo Robotaxi team in Changsha will cover about 50 kilometers, and in the first half of 2020, it is planned to cover 135 kilometers of roads currently open in Changsha.
Lang Ping, the winner of the women's volleyball team, is still dissatisfied: It will be difficult to play a strong team with so many mistakes
On the afternoon of the 27th Beijing time, the Chinese women's volleyball team ushered in the ninth match of the 2019 Women's Volleyball World Cup. The opponent was the strong Dutch women's volleyball team. Finally, the Chinese women's volleyball team beat the Dutch women's volleyball team 3: 1 and ushered in nine consecutive victories in the Women's Volleyball World Cup.
However, after the match, the head coach of the women's volleyball team, Lang Ping, still expressed his dissatisfaction with the team's performance in the third set.
"In the third set, the other side strengthened its service attack. We were not in place to attack the ball. We made many mistakes."
"It is difficult to play against a strong team and make so many mistakes."
Lang Ping said in an interview after the match.
"We told the players to focus, one pass was not in place, we had to adjust the attack well, and we had to defend with each other."
Lang Ping also commented on Zhang Changning's performance, saying that she encountered some difficulties in the attack, was more anxious, wanted to kill the ball too much, and her action would deform.
I hope she is patient and "we all give her protection."
China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
(70 Years of New China) White Paper: China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper points out that China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge.
The white paper says that with the rapid rise of China's overall national strength and international influence, some people in the world are worried that China will follow the path of "national strength must dominate," and some people have put forward the so-called "China threat theory."
This includes both cognitive misreading, deep-rooted prejudice, psychological imbalance caused by the decline of power, and deliberate distortion to safeguard their own vested interests.
Achieving national prosperity, national revitalization and people's happiness is not only the dream of the Chinese people, but also the common dream of the people of all countries.
"China's development is an opportunity for the world, not a threat or challenge."
The white paper points out that China is the main stabilizer and power source of world economic growth, and China is the largest contributor to world economic growth. China's scientific and technological innovation has injected new momentum into world economic growth, and the role of stabilizer and power source of China's economy will become more prominent in the future.
At present, the growth momentum of the world economy is insufficient, and a sound Chinese economy is becoming more and more important to the world.
China's economy is shifting from rapid growth to high-quality development. New industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization are accelerating, the economic structure is deeply adjusted, industrial optimization and upgrading continue, and new economic growth points continue to emerge.
"The research report of McKinsey Global Research Institute believes that by 2040, the integration of China and other economies in the world is expected to create an economic value of US $22 trillion to US $37 trillion, equivalent to 15% to 26% of the total global economy. Strengthening cooperation between other economies in the world and China will create great economic value."
The white paper emphasizes that China's economy and the world economy have undergone structural changes and are deeply integrated.
China, with more stable economic operation, higher growth quality and promising growth prospects, is good for the development of the world economy in the long term.
It is not feasible and harmful to regard China's economic development as a "threat" and "challenge," to try to squeeze China out of the global industrial chain, supply chain and value chain, and to "decouple" China from the world economy.
The white paper points out that all-round opening up to the outside world creates more opportunities for all countries to share the "China dividend."
China unswervingly pursues a win-win strategy of opening up and realizes a stronger and higher level of opening up to the outside world. China has the most potential consumer market in the world, China is the most attractive investment destination, and "going out" on a larger scale benefits more countries.
"Opening up should be two-way and mutually beneficial, not one-way and beneficial to one party.
Mutual benefit can last for a long time. "
The white paper says that China is committed to continuously expanding imports, liberalizing market access, improving the business environment and strengthening the protection of intellectual property rights. Other countries should also expand opening up, take corresponding measures and strive to improve their business environment.
Only when all parties meet each other can they create an open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win development environment, jointly make the "cake" of development bigger and bigger, and form a mutually beneficial and win-win community of interests.
The white paper points out that China provides more public goods to the international community.
This includes promoting high-quality construction of the "Belt and Road," building a platform for multilateral dialogue and cooperation, actively participating in international and regional affairs, and actively carrying out foreign assistance.
"China's development benefits from the international community and never forgets to give back to the international family and provide more and better public goods to the international community."
Andrei Slepniov, General Manager of the Russian Export Center, said in a written interview with Xinhua reporters recently that Russia is willing to strengthen cooperation with China in the economic and trade fields, further optimize the export structure and promote the diversification of Russia's exports to China.
Slepniov pointed out that forestry, machinery manufacturing and chemical industries account for a considerable proportion of Russia's exports to China. At the same time, the export of agricultural products is also very important, including grease products, meat products and dairy products, as well as cereals, fish and seafood.
In recent years, Russia's exports of non-raw materials and non-energy products to China have also shown a good and stable development trend.
When talking about Russia's optimization of the export structure to China, Slepniov said that Russia has set the task of expanding the export of high-tech products to meet the import demand for high-tech products from all countries and regions of the world, including China.
Next, Russia will improve financial and non-financial support measures to promote the further growth of the number of high-tech enterprises.
Slepniov said that Russia is willing to export construction technology and high-tech construction materials to China and develop cooperation with China in the fields of medicine and aviation manufacturing.
Russia and China also have great potential for cooperation in the field of urban environmental development.
He stressed that Russian products in many fields "have advantages in quality and competitiveness in price" compared with similar products in the West.
Talking about the goal of the two countries to achieve a bilateral trade volume of US $200 billion by 2024, Slepniov said that the fields of agriculture, machinery manufacturing, chemical industry and forestry will play an important role in achieving this goal.
Russia intends to promote the diversification of supply in these areas and promote the export of deeply processed products.
He stressed that Russia intends to promote its exporters to enter the global value-added chain, of which China is one of the development directions.
Russian manufacturers in the fields of agriculture, metallurgy, oil and gas and chemicals are fully capable of participating in this process.
At present, the two countries need to continue to deepen cooperation between enterprises and "set up more Russian-Chinese joint ventures to jointly develop exports to third countries."
Slepniov said that the Russian Export Center is taking various measures and services through the Russian Export Credit and Investment Insurance Agency and the Russian Export-Import Bank to support the export of Russian products to China.
At the same time, the Russian Export Center will continue to deepen cooperation with relevant Chinese departments, promote more convenient entry of Russian goods into the Chinese market and develop new types of export products to China.
The number of financial institutions using RMB to pay has increased significantly.
The latest "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" released by SWIFT in London on the 26th showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay worldwide increased significantly.
At the 2019 London Annual Meeting of the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), the "Renminbi Tracking Special Issue" entitled "Insight of Renminbi from a London Perspective" released by the organization showed that from July 2017 to July 2019, the number of financial institutions using Renminbi to pay increased by 11.31%, from 1989 to 2,214.
Among them, the number of financial institutions using RMB payment in Africa and the Middle East increased the most, from 143 in July 2017 to 173 in July 2019, an increase of 20.98%.
The report shows that as of August 2019, the share of RMB in global payment currencies was 2.22%.
At the same time, London plays a leading role in RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions.
The report data show that in July 2019, London's share of global RMB offshore foreign exchange transactions was 33.79%, ranking first in the world.
The report said that London is firmly in the first place in global foreign exchange trading.
In July 2019, London's share of global foreign exchange transactions was 40.14%, the United States 12.93% and France 7.67%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Taiwan's so-called "diplomatic breakthrough":
In response to the recent entry of Taiwan personnel into the United Nations Headquarters to participate in meetings related to religious issues, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang responded at the regular press conference on the 27th that such small actions were disgraceful and generous.
A reporter asked, according to Taiwan media reports, the personnel of the Taipei office in New York recently entered the United Nations Headquarters to participate in the conference on religious issues held in the United States, calling it a "diplomatic breakthrough."
The meeting you mentioned is a side meeting held by the United States on the premises of the United Nations. It is not a meeting of the United Nations at all.
Geng Shuang said that Taiwan personnel mixed into the United Nations in a furtive manner, damaging their personality, and played up that this was a so-called "diplomatic breakthrough." This small action was disgraceful and generous.
He pointed out that the United Nations side has repeatedly reiterated that it insists on dealing with the Taiwan issue in accordance with General Assembly Resolution 2758, and the majority of United Nations Member States also adhere to the one-China principle.
Hohhot Accelerates the Upgrading of Dairy Industry Structure - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency Hohhot September 27 wire (reporter An Lumeng) reporter learned from the Hohhot City Government of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that Hohhot City has accelerated the upgrading of the dairy industry structure, Yili and Mengniu are among the top 10 dairy enterprises in the world, accelerated the implementation of a number of projects such as Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and made every effort to build an "upgraded version of China's milk capital."
Dairy industry is a traditional dominant industry in Hohhot. Relying on unique resource endowment, industrial base and policy support, the scale of dairy industry in Hohhot has expanded rapidly and the scale breeding rate has been increasing.
In 2018, the large-scale breeding rate of cows in the city reached more than 98%, nearly 85% of farmers entered the industrial chain, and the total sales revenue of Yili and Mengniu enterprises was close to 150 billion yuan.
In order to further strengthen the dairy industry, Hohhot issued "Some Opinions on Building an Upgrade Edition of China's Milk Capital" and "Three-Year Action Plan for Promoting the Upgrading of the Dairy Industry (2018-2020).
Feng Yuzhen, mayor of Hohhot, said that the local area will accelerate the landing of two major projects with an investment of 100 billion yuan, Yili Health Food Industrial Park and Mengniu China Dairy Industrial Park, and simultaneously build the National Dairy Technology Innovation Center and other projects, so as to continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the national dairy industry.
On September 27, the median exchange rate of dong to US dollar was raised by 5 dong
With the exchange rate fluctuation range of + / - 3%, the upper limit of the exchange rate of US dollar to dong is 23854 dong and the lower limit is 22465 dong.
The bank's RMB buying and selling prices were 3211 dong and 3295 dong respectively, down 1 dong respectively from the previous trading day.
Techcombank set the purchase and sale prices of US dollars at 23131 dong and 23271 dong respectively, down 2 dong respectively from the previous trading day.
The bank's RMB buying and selling prices were 3193 dong and 3326 dong respectively, down 1 dong and 2 dong respectively from the previous trading day.
The "China Good Story" database goes online to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China
The "China Good Story" database, an innovative and basic platform for publicity work with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices," officially went online today to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
The "China Good Story" database (www.chinastory.cn) is hosted by Xinhua News Agency and hosted by Xinhua News Agency China Search.
This is the scene of the "Beauty and Beauty - 'China Good Story' Database Online Conference" filmed on September 27.
On the same day, the "China Good Story" database, an innovative and basic platform for publicity work with the aim of "telling good Chinese stories and spreading good Chinese voices," officially went online to show the world a real, three-dimensional and comprehensive China.
Opening the database of "Good Chinese Stories," a picture of ink fish with a long artistic conception slowly unfolded, opening up a treasure house of Chinese stories through time and space for readers.
The database contains more than 60,000 wonderful stories, from the traditional stories of "loyalty to the country" and "Yu Gong moving mountains," to the new era stories of "I will have no me" and "do not forget the first heart," thousands of good Chinese stories have become vivid carriers to show "Chinese spirit," "Chinese wisdom" and "Chinese strength."
The story library brings together five categories of "1 + 4" theme stories.
General Secretary Xi Jinping is the "first interpreter of Chinese stories." The "Learning" section takes Xi Jinping's story, the story told by Xi Jinping, the story used by Xi Jinping and the story of the characters praised by Xi Jinping as the main line, providing a rich and convenient online platform for readers to learn Xi Jinping's art of telling stories and to understand the truth of governing the country behind the story.
The reporter learned from the "Beauty and Beauty - 'China Good Story' Database Online Conference" held in Beijing today that the "China Good Story" database has opened Chinese and English websites and mobile phone clients.
The website has comprehensive content, rich functions, stylish design, and the whole media shows wonderful stories.
The mobile phone client highlights the artificial intelligence voice function, adapts to the trend of mobile communication, and provides users with a "China Good Story" player.
In order to facilitate the use of queries, the database gives full play to the advantages of China's intelligent search technology and provides rich search functions such as time search, map search, character search and label search. It is convenient, fast and easy to find.
The "China Good Story" database has also set up a special content opening platform, and has opened a "story number" for more than 10 first resident units such as SASAC.
The Egyptian authorities want to show strong repression
Twitter theme labels and community media are strongly advocating that the Egyptian people take to the streets today to peacefully appeal for President Sisi to step down.
But the authorities have indicated that they intend to use force to suppress it.
Since Sisi, then head of the military, seized power in a military coup in 2013, the expression of dissent has almost disappeared in Egypt, and any form of protest will be in extreme danger.
The British "Guardian" reported that the Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights, a non-governmental organization in Cairo, pointed out that since the rare outbreak of protests calling for Sisi to step down last weekend, more than 1,900 people have been arrested.
The corruption allegations surrounding Sisi and his family squandering public money to pursue vanity led thousands of people to take to the streets to demonstrate on the 20th.
The Egyptian Ministry of the Interior firmly stated yesterday that it will resolutely confront any attempt to destabilize the country and will never be soft.
The center of Cairo is already heavily guarded. Riot police, security agency vehicles and plainclothes policemen can be seen everywhere in the streets around Tahrir Square, the tipping point of the Egyptian revolution in 2011.
Al Jazeera reported that the security forces detained a number of important scholars and social leaders on the 25th, including Nafa, a professor of political science at Cairo University and a well-known columnist.
He tweeted on the 24th, "I have no doubt that the continued absolute rule of Sisi will cause disaster."
"It is in Egypt's interest that he step down immediately."
Before Nafa's arrest, Hosni, who served as the spokesman for Anan, the former chief of staff of the Egyptian military, was detained.
Anan was arrested last year after trying to compete with Sisi for the presidency.
Dawud, chairman of the Constitutional Party, was also detained.
Analysts and politicians believe that at a time when the economic difficulties of the poor and middle class are increasing, the practice of sweeping up dissidents reflects the instability and vulnerability of the government.
Opposition leader Ayman Nour, who once competed for the presidency, said: "The arrest highlights the regime's disregard for the Egyptian people and how afraid it is."
"Because the economy has been messed up by him, combined with the widespread political oppression, Sisi tried to convey a clear message to the important generals and political figures who may replace him."
Nour pointed out that under the premise that the social and economic situation continues to deteriorate, the government's high-handed tactics will only increase the people's anger.
Now that the fear barrier has been broken, he expects more people to take to the streets.
Ali, a businessman and actor currently living in exile in Spain, used to be a construction contractor for the Egyptian military. He began to upload a series of films at the beginning of the month, claiming to benefit from government corruption, triggering a wave of small demonstrations in different cities last weekend.
Ali said that his company, Amrak, could get a lucrative contract without going through the legal bidding process, stressing that the military and Sisi's relatives, including First Lady Intissar Amer al-Sisi, were corrupt.
He deeply repented that he had participated in it.
Ali claimed that the magnificent palaces and luxury hotels he helped Sisi build were in sharp contrast to the current destitute life of Egyptians, and the other party had not yet paid.
On Twitter, theme labels such as "Stand Up You Are Not Alone," "Sisi You Are Done," "Sisi has to roll" and "Next Friday" have attracted tens of thousands of tweets and tweets, calling on people to take to the streets in a peaceful manner to demand that Sisi step down.
Hollywood Egyptian male star Amawick's tweet has nearly 7 million followers.
He tweeted in Arabic yesterday: "Sisi is doomed... He is finished. Those who support him will now make a big mistake."
The Hong Kong Government promotes a free special training scheme to help employees affected by the recent economy overcome difficulties
The HKSAR Government announced on the 27th that it will launch a free special training scheme for employees affected by the recent economic situation. Eligible students will receive a training allowance of up to HK $4,000 per month after completing the course.
Many boutiques in Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong have few customers.
Affected by the recent social disputes in Hong Kong, the number of visitors to Hong Kong has decreased significantly recently. In addition to the tourism industry, hotels, restaurants, retail and other industries have been affected.
The Secretary for Labour and Welfare of the HKSAR Government, Mr Luo Zhiguang, and the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, Mr Edward Yau, met with the media on entrusting the Employees Retraining Board to implement special training programmes and measures to support the tourism industry.
Luo Zhiguang described that the challenges facing Hong Kong's economy are imminent and should not wait for the situation to calm down before starting work.
Therefore, the HKSAR Government has launched this free training scheme called "Special? Love Value Added."
According to the introduction, people who have lost their jobs or have been asked by their employers to take unpaid leave since June 1 will have the opportunity to participate in the scheme as long as they meet the relevant requirements.
Luo Zhiguang introduced that the range of courses is very broad, the most important part of which is the training of "vocational skills," covering 19 industries, including tourism, retail and catering. There will also be some new "innovative technology" courses and cross-industry "general skills" courses.
Yu Pengchun, Chairman of the Employees Retraining Board, said that all courses are free of tuition fees, and the scheme is expected to support about 10,000 people in need.
Students participating in the scheme will receive a special allowance as long as they complete each full-time or part-time course and the attendance rate reaches 80%. The maximum monthly allowance for each student is HK $4,000.
According to the introduction, the training course lasts for 2 to 3 months and is provided by about 50 training institutions. The public can read the daily newspaper from October 3 to March 31 next year, and each person can report up to 4 courses.
In addition, the HKSAR Government also announced a series of measures to support the tourism industry to help the industry overcome difficulties.
These measures include the relaxation of funding for the Tourism Industry Council, the funding of 6,000 tour guides to renew their cards for courses, and the exemption of annual fees for travel agents.
Is exercise tiring?
According to the Russian satellite network, a study of athletes shows that after high intensity exercise, the brain will also show signs of fatigue.
The study, led by Mathias Pesigrion, an expert at Pitier-Salpetrier Hospital in France, shows that there is no obvious link between mental and physical work: Both require cognitive control of activity.
"You need to control the autonomous process that forces you to stop when your muscles and joints are in pain," Pesigrion explained.
The study was initiated by the French National Sports Institute (INSEP).
Experts from the school are responsible for guiding the athletes to prepare for the Olympics.
Some athletes have begun to suffer from overtraining syndrome, that is, they have an irrepressible feeling of fatigue after high load exercise, their body cannot recover and their performance falls.
INSEP raises a question: Can part of the cause of this disease be nerve fatigue, the kind of nerve fatigue caused by excessive mental work?
The study was published in the journal Current Biology.
Recently, the exhibition specially planned by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the China Art Gallery to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China was finally unveiled.
Xu Beihong's "Running Horse," Qi Baishi's "Peace for Thousand Years," Li Ke Ding's "Wanshan Red Forest Dyed," Jin Shangyi's "Tajik Bride," Luo Neutral's "Father" and Liu Wenxi's "Four Generations of grandparents and grandchildren" are more than 480 fine works, bringing together the classic collections of more than 20 important art galleries in China, including almost all the classic works since the founding of New China.
"Magnificent Picture of the Great Journey - Exhibition of Art Works Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" shows the magnificent great journey and brilliant achievements of the 70 years since the founding of New China, and shows the unremitting fighting spirit of the Chinese people and the great spirit of self-improvement.
The exhibition is divided into one preface and four chapters.
The exhibition has a huge scale and a collection of fine works by famous artists. The exhibition displays more than 480 works, covering many art categories such as Chinese paintings, oil paintings, prints, sculptures, watercolor powder, New Year paintings and propaganda paintings. It focuses on the classic works collected by the China Art Gallery and brings together the classic collections of more than 20 important academic institutions and art museums in China.
In addition, the "National Theme Art Creation" organized and implemented by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism has just completed more than 130 new works on realistic themes.
In order to present the exhibition, the China Art Gallery used all the exhibition space of the museum for the first time. In addition to the exhibition hall on the third floor of the museum, the outdoor courtyard space was also built into a sculpture exhibition area, and an exhibition pattern echoing inside and outside was formed through the exhibition design.
It is reported that the exhibition will be displayed until November 2.
According to the unified arrangement of Beijing's activities to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, the China Art Gallery will be closed to the public from September 28 to October 1.
September 27 is "World Tourism Day." This year's theme is "Tourism and Work: Building a Better Future for All." The Tourism Bureau has arranged a series of activities, including receiving lucky tourists and traditional tray competitions, to celebrate with residents and tourists.
On the same day, a special "World Tourism Day" celebration dinner was also held to promote exchanges with the tourism industry. The Secretary for Social Affairs and Culture, Tan Junrong, and others attended to participate in this global tourism event and actively promote the sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
Director of the Tourism Bureau Wen Qihua and Deputy Director Xu Yaoming and other leaders and relevant supervisors went to the Macao International Airport on the same day to deliver souvenirs to the lucky passengers of "World Tourism Day."
Mr. Wipoosiri, a tourist from Thailand, became the lucky tourist this year.
The Macao tourism mascot "Mak Mai" robot was also present to welcome the tourists. The passenger inquiry office under the Tourism Bureau also arranged to have souvenirs to give to the tourists throughout the day.
The traditional tray competition was held on the afternoon of the same day, bringing together nearly 180 participants, representing more than 29 hotels and restaurants in Macao. This year coincides with the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region. The participants arranged a digital "20" photo at the Dasamba archway before departure, adding joy to the event.
Some contestants also wear special clothes to match the theme of return.
The contestants carried a tray carrying a bottle of "Macao beer" through the streets of "Macao Historical City" and safely delivered the beer to the terminal pavilion at the fastest speed. The process was intense and exciting, attracting a large number of tourists to stop and take pictures and even cheer for the contestants along the way, showing the tourism charm of Macao.
The men's team champion was won by Warren Obejas Cabada of Jinsha City Center in Macao; the women's team champion was Ye Xiaoqing of Jiajing Group; the winners of the most special clothing award were Ou Huanming of Jiajing Group and Cui Zhihong of Jinlong Hotel respectively.
That evening, the Tourism Bureau invited hundreds of guests, including representatives of relevant departments, industry and media, to attend the World Tourism Day celebration dinner.
Tan Junrong said at the dinner that in the 20 years since the return, Macao's tourism industry has developed day by day, but at present, in the face of changing peripheral environmental factors, the industry needs to innovate its thinking, move forward on the basis of the success already achieved, adjust its strategy and conceive new tourism products and promotion models, expand the market, and encourage the industry to continue to support the vigorous and sustainable development of Macao's tourism industry.
At the same time, with the theme of "Celebrating the 20th Anniversary of the Establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region," the dinner arranged for Macao singers to sing the original local song "Liancheng Family," and six large tourism enterprises to present a number of performances in line with the theme of the return, showing the diverse tourism and leisure elements of Macao and the versatile side of tourism practitioners.
Since 1980, the World Tourism Organization has designated September 27 of each year as "World Tourism Day," with the aim of promoting the international community's understanding of the importance of tourism, especially its social, cultural, political and economic value.
The central bank launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, September 27 (reporters Zhang Qianqian, Wu Yu) The People's Bank of China launched a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation by means of interest rate bidding on the 27th.
As 40 billion yuan of reverse repurchase expired on the same day, the People's Bank of China's reverse repurchase operation realized a net return of 10 billion yuan.
The central bank announced that it would launch a 30 billion yuan reverse repurchase operation on the same day, with a term of 14 days and a winning interest rate of 2.7%.
This is the seventh consecutive working day that the central bank has carried out a 14-day reverse repurchase operation.
The Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor) released on the 27th showed that the overnight interest rate was 1.313%, down 32.4 basis points from the previous trading day; the 7-day interest rate was 2.59%, up 1.3 basis points from the previous trading day; the 14-day interest rate was 2.95%, down 1.7 basis points from the previous trading day; and the one-year interest rate was 3.048%, the same as the previous trading day.
Make it more reassuring for Chinese citizens to "go out" --Visit to Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Wherever you go, the motherland is behind you.
On the 25th, the first public welfare short film on consular protection of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs went online. This sentence at the end of the short film aroused the resonance of the majority of netizens.
Cui Aimin, Director of the Consular Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said in an interview with Xinhua reporters that the short film aims to further make the people feel the feelings and temperature of "diplomacy for the people," and to make Chinese citizens feel that no matter where they are in the world, Chinese diplomats will lend a helping hand to them and give help, strength and hope.
Overseas peace is no small matter, one branch and one leaf is always relevant.
Cui Aimin said that over the past 70 years, the number of Chinese citizens "going out" has increased sharply, from "less than one million per year" before the reform and opening up to more than 100 million per year today. At the same time, the safety of Chinese citizens traveling abroad is more guaranteed, and the target of consular protection and assistance has also expanded from overseas Chinese to overseas Chinese, tourists, foreign students, workers and other groups.
According to statistics, since the 18th CPC National Congress, we have organized and carried out more than 10 major actions to evacuate or transfer overseas Chinese citizens, safely evacuating more than 40,000 Chinese citizens from dangerous and volatile areas.
Accept and coordinate the handling of about 500,000 cases of various kinds of help, involving nearly 1 million Chinese citizens.
In times of danger, the motherland can take you home; it is no longer a dream to think of a "trip when you say go."
According to Cui Aimin, by the end of August this year, China had concluded mutual visa exemption agreements with 14 countries covering ordinary passport personnel.
In addition, more and more countries unilaterally grant entry facilities such as visa-free or visa-on-arrival to Chinese citizens.
Forty-two countries and regions, including Thailand and Egypt, unilaterally grant landing visas to Chinese citizens with ordinary passports, while 15 countries and regions, including Indonesia, unilaterally allow Chinese citizens with ordinary passports to enter the country without a visa.
In addition to visa exemption, landing visa and other arrangements, it is more and more convenient for Chinese citizens to apply for visas and the procedures are more and more simplified.
By the end of August, China had reached agreements or arrangements with 41 countries to simplify visa procedures.
These include the agreement with the United States, Canada, Israel and Argentina to issue multiple visas valid for 10 years for each other's tourism and business personnel, and the agreement with the United Kingdom to issue multiple visas valid for 2 years for each other's tourism, business and family visit personnel.
Britain and Belgium jointly launched a "one-stop visa" service. France, Italy and Singapore shortened the visa processing time to 48 hours, 36 hours and 24 hours respectively.
For business people who often go abroad, the APEC business travel card with multiple entry and convenient customs clearance is a good choice.
According to Cui Aimin, holding the travel card is equivalent to obtaining multiple visas from 16 economies around the Asia-Pacific for five years, which is of great significance for business personnel, especially those from private enterprises, to "go out."
At present, China ranks first among APEC economies in terms of effective cardholders.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will actively negotiate bilateral visa reciprocity agreements, promote more countries to take visa facilitation measures for Chinese citizens, transform the results of diplomatic work into measures to benefit the people and benefit the people, and constantly increase the 'gold content' of Chinese passports.
National Day is approaching.
Yesterday morning, Cai Qi, secretary of the Municipal Party Committee, led the team to inspect the production safety and holiday market supply during the National Day.
He stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen bottom line thinking, do all kinds of work in a solid and meticulous manner, ensure the safe operation of the city and market supply, welcome the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China, and let the citizens have a happy, peaceful and peaceful festival.
Chen Jining, deputy secretary of the Municipal Party Committee and mayor, inspected together.
The power supply area of Tiananmen District Power Supply Service Center covers an area of nearly 7 square kilometers. An intelligent inspection system has been built to monitor and analyze the data in real time, so as to realize the intelligent operation, evaluation and security of the equipment.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining carefully examined the operation of power supply equipment and safe production, asked about the important details of power supply security work, and went into the dispatch command hall to listen to the report on the safe power supply and gas supply work during the festival.
Cai Qi expressed his condolences to the frontline staff and stressed that we should establish a bottom line thinking, do a good job in fire control and other work, go to the scene more, pay attention to the end, strengthen the detection of safety hazards and equipment operation monitoring at all points one by one, and ensure the absolute safety of power supply and gas supply.
Wangfujing Department Store is full of all kinds of goods, filled with the festive atmosphere of the festival.
The Peace Bureau on the second floor of the ground floor, the walls made of green tiles and stone bricks and the old shops such as photo galleries, theatres, food shops and old book bureaus, are filled with a strong smell of Beijing.
Cai Qi and Chen Jining watched while walking, listened to the report of Wangfujing Department Store in conjunction with the renovation and upgrading of pedestrian street to upgrade commercial operation and market supply, and learned about the festival security situation in detail.
Walk into the "Red Star Grain and Oil Shop" "Dabei Photo Gallery" and so on, learn about the sales of Beijing's characteristic commodities, and ask tourists about their experience along the way.
At Zhang Binggui's candy counter, Zhang Chaohe, a model worker in Beijing and the son of Zhang Binggui, inherited the unique skills of "one grasp" and "one mouth clear." Cai Qi urged him to vigorously promote the spirit of labor model.
Cai Qi urged to strengthen market monitoring to ensure adequate and stable supply during the festival and strictly control food safety; shopping malls and other densely populated places should do a good job in fire safety and other work.
City leaders Cui Shuqiang, Wang Hong and Zhang Jiaming participated in the inspection.
Jiangxi: "Line length" guards the safety of passenger line operation.
The reporter learned from the Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration that up to now, 1334 passenger routes in 11 cities divided into districts and 6 directly administered counties in Jiangxi have "line length."
The person in charge of Jiangxi Provincial Highway Transport Administration introduced that due to the formality of the safety management of some passenger transport enterprises, the main responsibility for the safety of enterprises does not fall into practice. Illegal and illegal acts such as overloading and speeding of passenger vehicles and fatigue driving of drivers occur from time to time, and the road passenger transport safety situation is more serious.
In order to further strengthen the main responsibility of road passenger transport enterprises for safe production and ensure the safety of passengers traveling by car, Jiangxi began to pilot the "line length system" in 2017 and gradually promoted it throughout the province in 2018.
At present, 92 road passenger transport enterprises in Jiangxi have implemented the "line length system," selecting 1334 "line length" management lines, covering 4,824 operating buses.
According to the introduction, the "line length" is usually appointed by the road transport passenger transport enterprise as a special person, who is specifically responsible for the management of the people, cars and lines of the relevant class lines, to ensure that the person in charge of the class lines has comprehensive control over the lines, vehicles, drivers and operating environment, so as to ensure the operation safety of the class lines.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Department will hold a special food safety public guided tour from October to December. Food safety educators will lead a visit to the "20-year photo exhibition of Mainland food and agricultural products for Macao" and the "Food Information Station" to deepen the public's understanding of the safety supervision and stable supply of Mainland food for Macao, as well as the measures to ensure food safety in Macao. The public is welcome to participate actively.
Jointly sponsored by the General Administration of Customs and the Municipal Department of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the "Watch and Help Together to Ensure the Safety of Mainland Food and Agricultural Products for Macao for 20 Years" is now being held at the Food Information Station on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building, attracting many Macao citizens to visit.
To celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Macao Special Administrative Region, the Municipal Department will hold a special food safety public guided tour at the food information station on the first floor of the Youhan Hawker Building at 3: 30 pm every Wednesday (except public holidays). The food safety education staff will lead the visit to the photo exhibition and the food information station. Through the live text and text, films, cartoons and multimedia interactive games, with the guidance and explanation of the food safety staff, the participants will have a deep understanding of the food safety supervision and stable supply of food from the Mainland to Macao, as well as the food safety knowledge in daily life, so as to further pay attention to food safety, and give full play to the spirit of "food safety is reassuring to the government, the industry and the public."
The duration of each food safety guided tour is about 30 minutes. Interested members of the public can register at the Food Information Station of the Municipal Department on the first floor of Youhan Hawker Building 15 minutes before the start of the day's activities. The fee is free, the number of places is limited, first come, first served.
If you have any questions, you can call the food safety line 2833 8181 during office hours.
Fujian Province Tax Bank Bank Easy People Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform officially went online - China New Network
Fujian Province tax bank bank convenient people comprehensive tax payment platform officially went online.
China New Network Fuzhou September 27 (Ye Qiuyun) Fujian Province Tax Bank Bank Easy People Comprehensive Tax Payment Platform officially went online in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province on September 27.
The reporter learned that on October 26, 2018, the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, together with the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation and China UnionPay Co., Ltd.
After nearly a year of construction, at present, the platform has successfully gone online.
Wang Dehui, Director of the Treasury Department of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, introduced that the platform adheres to the construction concept of security, versatility, convenience, compliance and leadership. The front end connects tax, government, banks, non-bank payment institutions and social service parties, providing mobile phone APP, WeChat public number, tax hall, bank outlets, inclusive financial service points and other online and offline tax payment channels, and the back end connects the treasury and tax system.
It is reported that the platform brings together a number of projects to benefit the people and facilitate the people. Among them, the medical insurance fee collection project for urban and rural residents has officially gone online.
The project has opened 14 channels online and offline, which can provide services to more than 30 million urban and rural residents in Fujian Province, covering 76% of the resident population of Fujian Province.
On the line, health insurance fees can be paid through "Fujian Tax Link" "cloud flash payment" and the APP and WeChat public numbers of various banks. Offline, health insurance fees can be paid by scanning codes, waving cards and swiping cards at various tax halls and rural inclusive financial service points in Fujian Province.
Shi Dong, vice president of the Fuzhou Central Branch of the People's Bank of China, said that the successful launch of the platform, while ensuring the direct payment of government revenue and the real-time interaction of data and information, can provide the public with safe, efficient, multi-channel and multi-mode convenient tax payment services.
At present, of the more than 16,000 inclusive financial service points in the province, more than 9,000 have opened the function of checking medical insurance fees, so that rural residents can safely check medical insurance fees "without leaving the village," so that the public has a stronger and stronger "sense of acquisition" and "sense of happiness."
According to statistics, in the 20 days since the initial trial operation of the platform's urban and rural residents' health insurance fee collection project, the number of service users has reached 840,000, of which 750,000 are online payment users and nearly 20,000 are inclusive financial service point payment users.
In addition, Lin Guojing, deputy director of the Fujian Provincial Tax Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation, revealed at the event that the platform is the first in the country to apply blockchain electronic payment certificate technology.
Starting from next month, after completing the payment, the payer can also download the stamped electronic payment certificate directly through the mobile phone.
Fujian tax information network based on blockchain technology is being built, and the "expressway" to facilitate people to pay taxes will be further broadened.
The United States will increase the deployment of air defense systems and troops in Saudi Arabia
The US Department of Defense announced on the 26th that due to the previous attack on Saudi oil facilities, the US will deploy an additional "Patriot" air defense system, four groups of "Sentinel" radar system and about 200 US troops in Saudi Arabia.
The Pentagon said in a statement on the same day that the deployment will enhance the air defense and anti-missile capabilities of important military targets and civilian infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, and enhance the US military presence in the region.
The statement also said that US Secretary of Defense Esper also approved the inclusion of two sets of "Patriot" air defense systems and one set of "THAAD" anti-missile systems in the preparation deployment sequence.
Some US defense media questioned the effectiveness of the deployment, saying that the main interception targets of the "Patriot" and "THAAD" systems were not low-altitude targets such as drones and cruise missiles claimed by the US to attack Saudi Arabia.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said in his speech at the general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on the 25th that when all countries can fairly enjoy their rights, Iran can help maintain the "security of the Persian Gulf" and ensure the smooth and safe passage of oil transport ships through the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, he stressed that only the withdrawal of US troops from the region can achieve regional security.
On the 14th of this month, several drones attacked two oil facilities of the Saudi National Oil Company and caused a fire.
The United States accused Iran of causing the attack and imposed new sanctions on Iran.
Chairman Selis's plan to increase his holdings completed last year's call for employees to increase their holdings by up to 43%.
On the evening of September 25, Selis (603716.SH) announced that Wen Wei, the actual controller and chairman of the company, had increased his holdings of 105.42 million shares of the company through the collective bidding trading method of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, accounting for 0.5139% of the company's total share capital, with a total increase of RMB200.926 million (including stamp duty, commission, interest and other transaction costs), completing the increase plan.
It is reported that before the implementation of this increase plan, Wen Wei directly held 8.58 million shares of Selis, accounting for 4.18% of the company's total share capital. The controlling shareholder, Tianjin Ruimei Scientific Instruments Co. Ltd. (Hereinafter referred to as "Tianjin Ruimei"), held 821.835 million shares of the company, accounting for 40.06% of the company's total share capital. Wen Wei held 66.06% of the shares of Tianjin Ruimei and was the actual controller of the company.
It is worth noting that this is not the first time that Selis has made a good move.
Since September last year, in just one year, Selis has successively launched measures such as executive increase, chairman's backpocket increase initiative, share repurchase and equity incentives.
On September 18 last year, Selis announced that the company's Liu Wenhao and other seven executives who planned to increase their holdings had increased their holdings by 39.43 million shares (0.1922% of the company's total share capital), with a total increase of 7.0229 million yuan. The increase plan has been completed.
Shortly thereafter, the chairman of Selis and the actual controller, Wen Wei, proposed a plan to encourage employees to increase their holdings of the company's shares, and promised that Wen Wei would compensate for any losses.
The period of increase is from October 19 to October 31, 2018. The total amount of increase in the company's shares does not exceed 150 million yuan. After the increase, it is necessary to hold the company's shares continuously for more than 12 months, not to reduce the holdings, and the employee is in office at the time of compensation.
The reporter combed and found that during the period when the employees increased their holdings, Selis's share price was as low as 14.02 yuan and as high as 16.44 yuan. Based on Selis's closing price of 20.02 yuan on September 25, the maximum floating surplus of the employees' increased holdings could reach 42.80% and as low as 21.78%.
On January 21 this year, Selis once again passed the plan to buy back the company's shares, announcing that the total amount of funds to be used to buy back shares is not less than RMB160 million and not more than RMB280 million.
On August 8 this year, the company issued the "Selis 2019 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft)" announcement, and set high performance unlocking conditions.
The announcement shows that equity incentives are based on 2018 business income, with growth rates of not less than 30%, 70%, 120% and 185% respectively in the four fiscal years from 2019 to 2022.
Judging from the performance of Selis in the first half of the year, the company maintained high growth and exceeded the 30% performance growth this year.
In the first half of the year, it realized a business income of 842 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 46.50%; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 56.224 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 16.46%.
Since 2018, Selis has reported that in five consecutive reporting periods, the year-on-year growth rate of revenue has exceeded 38%, with the highest growth rate reaching 59%.
In 2018, the company established a dual-core driven collaborative development strategy based on medical inspection intensive operation service (IVD business), medical consumables intensive operation service (SPD business) and regional inspection center as a breakthrough, and upgraded iteratively on the basis of consolidating the advantages of the original IVD business to promote SPD business.
Selis related people told reporters that at present, in order to comply with the general trend of medical reform and achieve rapid expansion, Selis's three major businesses are advancing steadily.
In the field of SPD business, in January this year, Selis announced the signing of the "Cooperation Agreement on the Construction of Medical Consumption Intensive Operation Platform and Daily Operation Management Service" with Lingwu City People's Hospital and Lingwu City Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, with a contract period of three years.
"In fact, Selis is vigorously expanding the SPD business, providing medical institutions with refined operation services such as centralized procurement, storage management, distribution and settlement of medical consumables, so as to obtain long-term income."
The above-mentioned people said.
On September 17, according to the announcement of the Zhejiang Government Procurement Service Information Platform of Zhejiang Government Procurement Network, Selis won the bid for a "medical consumables (including reagents) hospital logistics extension service project" of Run Run Shaw Hospital attached to the Medical College of Zhejiang University.
Pharmaceutical industry analysts pointed out that the winning bid is very gold. Run Run Shaw Hospital is the first public hospital in mainland China to pass the International Hospital Evaluation (JCI). The smooth implementation of the project in the future is also an important development opportunity for the hospital.
According to its analysis, previously, through regional expansion, national strategic cooperation and channel mergers and acquisitions, the business map has basically completed the business area coverage of the country's provinces.
Now that the winning Run Run Shaw Hospital is in another city in Zhejiang, it should continue to replicate this model in different hospitals to enhance the company's competitiveness in the East China market.
In addition, this year, Selis also laid out in emerging fields such as industrial marijuana and blockchain technology.
78,000 volunteers in Beijing serve National Day transportation.
In order to ensure the smooth progress of the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers in Beijing will officially take up their posts from the 28th to provide voluntary service at various points in Beijing. The service will last until October 8.
Previously, the Beijing Municipal Leading Group for Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China set up a special volunteer headquarters, and in the early period, it recruited and trained more than 160,000 high-quality volunteers for universities, communities, enterprises and all sectors of society.
Among them, there are more than 78,000 traffic civilization volunteers.
Gao Bin, Director of the Office of the Capital Traffic Civilization Volunteer Sub-Command: From September 28 to October 8, 78,266 Capital Traffic Civilization volunteers carried out traffic diversion and traffic guidance at 1,700 traffic junctions and 308 subway platforms in Beijing, including more than 300 major traffic hubs.
After being detained by Iran for two months, the British oil tanker "Stanner Empire" was finally released and set out from the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas on the morning of the 27th for international waters.
Just in the middle of last month, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, just released an Iranian oil tanker that had been detained for more than a month.
According to Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency, at 9: 00 am local time on the 27th, the British oil tanker "Stanner Empire" set out from Bandar Abbas for the international waters of the Persian Gulf.
The Port and Shipping Organization of Hormuzgan Province of Iran confirmed that the commander and crew of the ship had made a formal and written commitment. Although the ship was detained, they did not have any claim.
Stena Bulk, the Swedish owner of the oil tanker "Stanner Empire," also said that the ship was sailing from Bandar Abbas.
In addition, Refinitiv's ship tracking data also found that the tanker began to move on the 27th and left Bandar Abbas.
The British-flagged Stena Impero tanker was seized by Iran in July.
A spokesman for the company said that the tanker was preparing to leave Bandar Abbas.
Two weeks after Britain seized an Iranian oil tanker in the waters of Gibraltar, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard detained the oil tanker named Stena Impero in the channel of the Strait of Hormuz.
The ship was released in August.
Earlier this week, a spokesman for the Iranian government said that all legal procedures required for the release of the Stanner Empire had been completed.
But Iran said the investigation was ongoing.
Many Iranian media also released videos of the tanker sailing.
On July 19, Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy detained a British oil tanker "Stanner Empire" in Iranian waters in the Strait of Hormuz and then escorted it to Bandar Abbas.
Iran's detained oil tanker "Grace 1" left the waters of Gibraltar.
In addition, on July 4, the authorities of Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, seized the "Grace 1" oil tanker loaded with Iranian crude oil in the Strait of Gibraltar on suspicion of transporting oil to Syria in violation of EU sanctions.
More than a month later, on August 15, the Gibraltar authorities announced the release of "Grace 1."
This afternoon, a special conference on the review and rectification of thematic education in undergraduate colleges and universities in the province was held in Changsha.
Wulan, deputy secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, stressed the need to improve political standing, strengthen political responsibility, strictly examine and rectify problems, and promote the high-quality development of party building, thinking about government and reform and development in colleges and universities with the effectiveness of thematic education.
Wulan fully affirmed the initial results achieved by undergraduate colleges and universities in the second batch of thematic education.
She pointed out that carrying out education on the theme "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission" is a major deployment made by the Party Central Committee. All undergraduate colleges and universities should thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech on carrying out education on the theme "Don't forget your first heart and remember your mission."
From the political height of strengthening the "four consciousness," achieving "two maintenance" and fulfilling the initial mission, we will earnestly complete the prescribed actions of thematic education, especially the series of problems examined by solid rectification, coordinate the work of school reform and development, and achieve "two mistakes and two promotion."
Wulan stressed that we should insist on turning the blade inward, grasp the problem examination, in accordance with the requirements of "four comparisons" and "four looking for one," find the problem on the standard and table, solicit the opinions and suggestions of teachers, students, parents and all sectors of society, seriously and deeply analyze the root causes, then clarify the direction of efforts and improvement measures, and come up with practical and hard measures to solve the problem.
We should adhere to precision, strengthen real reform, and effectively put the word "change" throughout.
We should do a good job in the combination of thematic education and "Lid Shu Man" and other work, tighten the responsibility for rectification, ensure that the problem does not fall, the bottom is clear, and ensure the effectiveness of rectification.
We should adhere to both symptoms and treatment, improve the long-term mechanism, tighten the system cage, strengthen the rigid constraints of the system, ensure that all work is governed by rules and regulations, and truly use the system to manage people and manage power.
We should adhere to the above rate, leading cadres should take the lead in strengthening theoretical armed forces, take the lead in carefully examining and rectifying, take the lead in being strict with themselves at all times, give full play to the demonstration role of "key minorities," and strive to complete the tasks of thematic education inspection and rectification.
The responsible comrades of the Party committees of five universities, including Hunan University, and the responsible comrades of the relevant units of the province made speeches.
"One Jiaotong" Two Major UHV Projects
On the 26th, the 1100 kV HVDC transmission project from Jundong to South Anhui Province and the 1000 kV AC UHV GIL integrated pipe corridor project were put into operation.
These two projects occupy the commanding heights of the respective fields of transmission technology in the world. After transportation, they will greatly enhance the optimal allocation of energy in China.
Guo Zhi, chief economist of the National Energy Bureau, said that the Jundong to South Anhui project is the transmission project with the largest power transmission capacity and the farthest transmission distance in the world.
Its transportation is of great significance for promoting the development of Xinjiang energy base and ensuring the power supply in East China.
GIL, that is, gas insulated metal closed transmission lines.
The Sutong Pipe Gallery project has set a record for the highest voltage level and the strongest transmission capacity in the world, and has realized the "AC double ring network" operation of the highest voltage level of the East China backbone power grid.
According to the National Grid Corporation, the transmission distance from Jundong to South Anhui Province is 3,324 kilometers.
If conventional technology is used, more than 15% of the electricity will be lost on the way, and the project has greatly increased the economic transmission distance to more than 3000 kilometers.
After the project from Jundong to South Anhui Province is put into operation, it can transmit 100 million degrees of electricity every 8 hours and 20 minutes, which can help solve the problem of the absorption of existing new energy in Xinjiang.
According to full load estimates, this line alone will send 60 to 85 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity per year, which can meet more than half of Shanghai's annual electricity consumption.
Sutong GIL integrated pipe corridor project is a control project of UHV AC ring network across the Yangtze River.
If conventional overhead lines are used to cross the river, it is necessary to build two giant towers of more than 450 meters on the Yangtze River, and to build an artificial island of more than four football fields for each tower.
In this regard, the National Grid made bold innovations and developed a compact UHV AC GIL transmission technology to cross the river from under water through a tunnel, avoiding the impact on the golden channel.
Two projects have promoted a new leap in China's electrical equipment manufacturing capacity.
At present, the National Grid has built a total of "10 to 11 direct" ultra-high voltage projects, and "4 to 3 direct" is under construction.
Foreign Exchange Bureau: China's foreign debt structure continues to optimize and the stability of foreign debt increases
"Overall, China's foreign debt structure continues to be optimized and the stability of foreign debt has increased."
Wang Chunying, press spokesman and chief economist of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, said on the 27th that the main indicators of China's foreign debt are within the internationally recognized safety line, and the foreign debt risk is generally controllable.
Wang Chunying made the above statement when answering the reporter's question when the Foreign Exchange Bureau announced the foreign debt data for the end of June 2019 on the same day.
The data show that by the end of June 2019, China's full-caliber (including local and foreign currency) foreign debt balance was US $199.8 billion, an increase of US $26.3 billion, or 1.3%, over the end of March 2019, mainly due to the increase in the balance of debt securities.
In the second quarter of 2019, more than 70% of the increase in China's full-caliber foreign debt was driven by the purchase of domestic RMB bonds by non-residents, and non-residents were mainly medium- and long-term investors such as the central bank.
At the end of June 2019, the proportion of medium- and long-term foreign debt increased by 3 percentage points compared to the end of March 2019, and the proportion of local currency foreign debt increased by 1 percentage point compared to the end of March 2019.
Wang Chunying said that as China's domestic RMB bonds were included in the Bloomberg Barclays Global Composite Index in April 2019, international investors' recognition of China's bond market further increased and continued to increase their holdings of domestic RMB bonds.
"China's international balance of payments remains generally balanced and the risk of foreign debt is controllable."
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences that at present, Yunnan fall armyworm has been effectively prevented and controlled, has not caused widespread outbreaks, and the prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In January this year, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er City, Yunnan, first discovered the grass greedy night moth that moved in from abroad. Subsequently, it was confirmed in 129 counties in Yunnan. The grass greedy night moth also gradually spread from Yunnan to the Mainland of China, posing a direct threat to China's grain production.
Grass greedy night moth is an important agricultural pest native to the tropical and subtropical regions of America. It is a major migratory pest warned by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. It has the characteristics of "international, migratory, explosive and destructive."
The pest harms more than 80 crops such as corn, sugar cane and sorghum. It takes a large amount of food and can cause up to 70% yield loss.
Prevention and control is difficult, and there are no registered pesticides for the prevention and control of the worm in China.
Since the grass greedy night moth moved to invade Yunnan, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences has selected researcher Chen Aidong to lead the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences agricultural cross-border harmful organisms to work together with the green prevention and control provincial innovation team to go to the front line, investigate on the ground, collect samples, and carry out technical guidance and experimental demonstration.
Chen Aidong's team has initially mastered the population characteristics of Yunnan fall armyworm, natural enemy insect resources, overseas insect source characteristics, population migration trajectory, drug toxicity and field control effect.
They have actively carried out the research and application of green prevention and control technology. Through the implementation of new green prevention and control technologies such as population monitoring, adult booby traps, scientific drug use and agronomic measures, the prevention and control effect in the demonstration area has reached more than 90%. At the same time, they have reduced the use of chemical pesticides, protected natural enemy resources and ecological environment, and provided a technical guarantee for the effective control of the outbreak and sustainable management of grass greedy night moth in Yunnan.
At present, Yunnan fall armyworm has been effectively prevented and controlled, without causing widespread outbreaks, and the prevention and control work has achieved phased results.
In the next step, the Yunnan Provincial Academy of Agricultural Sciences will focus on the ecological mechanism of population migration and invasion, breaking through the construction of biological control and green control technology system.
At the same time, we will actively promote cross-border international cooperation and strive to establish joint key laboratories and joint monitoring outlets and demonstration areas abroad in order to enhance the all-round monitoring and early warning capability of Yunnan grassland night moth.
According to the website of the People's Bank of China, the People's Bank of China is scheduled to issue a set of gold and silver commemorative coins for the China International Import Expo on September 30, 2019.
This set of gold and silver commemorative coins consists of 2 pieces, including 1 gold commemorative coin and 1 silver commemorative coin, all of which are the legal currency of the People's Republic of China.
According to the introduction, the front design of this set of gold and silver commemorative coins is the Prayer Hall of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing, with the name, year number and the Chinese words "China International Import Expo."
The design on the back of the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a picture of mother and child pandas, with the words "8g Au. 999," the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination.
The design on the back of the 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a picture of the mother and child panda, with the words "30g Ag.999," the English words "China International Import Expo" and the denomination.
According to the introduction, the 8-gram round gold commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 8 grams of pure gold, with a diameter of 22 mm, with a denomination of 100 yuan, 99.9% color, with a maximum circulation of 10,000 pieces.
The 30-gram round silver commemorative coin is a universal coin, containing 30 grams of pure silver, 40 mm in diameter, with a denomination of 10 yuan, 99.9% color, with a maximum circulation of 20,000 pieces.
This set of gold and silver commemorative coins is minted by Shenyang Mint Co., Ltd., and distributed by China Gold Coin Corporation.
White Paper: China has stepped out of a development path in line with national conditions
China News Agency Beijing September 27, the Information Office of the State Council of China released the white paper "China and the World in the New Era" on the 27th.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, the Chinese people have worked hard to explore and forge ahead, successfully opened up the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and made development achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.
The white paper says that China's development depends on self-reliance and hard work.
China's development depends on the practical spirit of "800 million shirts for a Boeing," and several generations have worked hard and worked hard, paying hard work and sweat that others cannot imagine; on the spirit of "carrying their own burden," regardless of prosperity or adversity, not exporting problems, not passing on contradictions, not developing themselves by buying and selling and plundering other countries; on the spirit of exploration of "crossing the river by feeling the stones," not following the old path of imperialism and colonialism, not copying the development model of Western countries, but combining China's reality, summing up experience and lessons, learning from human civilization, daring to try and go out of their own way.
The white paper says that China has developed in contact and interaction with the world. China's development has injected positive energy into world peace and development. China's path is in line with China's national conditions and meets the requirements of the times.
China maintains world peace with practical actions.
Over the past 70 years, China has not taken the initiative to provoke any war or conflict, nor has it occupied an inch of other countries' land.
The white paper points out that over the past 70 years, China's development has achieved great success. The fundamental reason is to find the correct development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics and unswervingly follow this path.
This is a path established from the national conditions of the country, putting the interests of the people first, reforming and innovating, seeking common development in opening up, and comprehensively governing the country according to law.
China has a huge size, complex national conditions, and the difficulty of governance is rare in the world. Without centralized, unified and strong leadership, China will move towards division and disintegration, bringing disaster to the world.
The white paper says that over the past 70 years, China has overcome various risks and challenges and created one Chinese miracle after another that has attracted worldwide attention.
Especially since the 18th CPC National Congress, China's development has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes. The Chinese nation has ushered in a great leap from standing up and becoming rich to becoming strong, and is closer to the great goal of national rejuvenation than at any time in history.
China's development path will show more and more bright development prospects with the progress of the times.
Textile representatives from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Business Declaration."
On the 27th, at the 2019 Second World Cloth Business Conference held in Keqiao District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Cloth Business Declaration."
The declaration points out that facing the future, the countries concerned adhere to open coordination, technology drive and fashion change, and will work together to promote the high-quality development of the world textile industry.
This World Textile Business Conference gathered about 1,200 representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions to explore the sustainable development and win-win path of the global textile industry around the trend of the textile industry in the world economic pattern.
Sun Ruizhe, President of the China Textile Industry Federation, said that at present, the global industrial division of labor pattern, trade pattern and innovation pattern are undergoing profound adjustments. The textile industry has entered a new stage of globalization, innovation and responsibility development, and the development concept of "technology, fashion and green" is deepening day by day.
Standing at the "crossroads" of global textile transformation and upgrading, Sun Ruizhe said, "For the industry to achieve sustainable development and common prosperity, it requires the active participation of global textile people, their respective talents and the sharing of benefits."
At the meeting, representatives of the textile industry from 45 countries and regions jointly issued the "World Textile Business Declaration," which jointly elaborated the development goals and vision of the global textile industry.
The World Bu Business Declaration points out that, facing the future, the countries concerned will adhere to openness and coordination, continuously promote the connectivity between industry and the market, and jointly raise the level of industrial chain development; they will adhere to the drive of science and technology, continuously strengthen basic research, applied research and technological transformation, and jointly enhance the basic capacity of the industry; they will focus on fashion changes, give full play to the role of textiles and clothing as cultural carriers and bridges of civilization, and jointly enhance the cultural value of the industry.
Loureno Bartholomei, president of the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association, said in an interview that the publication of the World Clothing Business Declaration will help all countries to jointly raise the level of development of the textile industry chain and realize the sustainable development of the textile industry.
For example, Loureno Bartholomei said that the Brazilian Fashion Designers Association has more than 130 high-end local clothing brands. Designers are committed to designing fashionable and high-end clothing products, while Ke Qiao has a variety of fine fabrics. "Through this cloth business conference, we also expect to establish contacts with Ke Qiao's excellent suppliers and seek more cooperation opportunities."
As the venue of the World Cloth Business Conference, Ke Qiao has the largest textile market in the world. At present, with its unique textile industry chain, it is gradually building a new pattern of internal upgrading and opening up to the outside world, representing China's textile image at the forefront of the world.
Shen Zhijiang, secretary of the Ke Qiao District Committee, said that Ke Qiao will take this cloth business conference as an opportunity to promote the textile industry towards a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced and win-win direction.
The median price of RMB measured by Reuters is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan, with a counter-cyclical impact of 460 points.
According to the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism announced by the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (CFETS), the median price of RMB to US dollar is expected to open near 7.0883 yuan on Friday, a depreciation of about 154 points from the previous day.
On the previous day, the RMB was quoted at 7.1315 yuan against the US dollar, while the median price was 7.0729 yuan.
According to the pricing mechanism, of the changes in the median price today, 586 points fell to reflect the impact of market supply and demand, another 27 points fell to reflect the points needed for the overnight basket of exchange rates to remain basically unchanged, and 460 points rose to reflect the impact of "counter-cyclical factors."
The median price of RMB to US dollar measured by Reuters was 7.0947 yuan, which is 218 points different from the actual value announced by the Foreign Exchange Trading Center.
According to the median price published by CFETS, the RMB exchange rate CFETS index, the reference SDR (Special Drawing Rights) basket index and the reference BIS (Bank for International Settlements) basket index were 91.26, 91.46 and 94.92 respectively.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook, the first tall building in northern China, completed more than 100 national patent achievements
The completion ceremony of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center, the first tall building in northern China, was held in Tianjin Binhai New Area on the afternoon of the 26th.
Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center is located in Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone. The total construction area of the project is 390,000 square meters, with 4 floors underground and 100 floors above ground, with a construction height of 530 meters, covering Grade A offices, luxury apartments and super five-star hotels. When completed, it will become an important part of Tianjin's international landmark complex.
The relevant person in charge of the project department of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center of China Construction Eight Bureau introduced that the amount of steel used in the whole project is more than 70,000 tons, the high altitude group is about 376,000 meters, equivalent to the height of 42.5 Zhumulama peaks, the use of welding wire can circle the earth 40 times, the number of steel components is 42,000, and more than 50% are non-standard components, including the world's largest single-layer elliptical cross section steel pipe column with a distortion angle of 90 degrees.
The complexity and processing difficulty of steel structure of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project are unprecedented.
Industry insiders say that Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center has taken the lead in implementing building information model (BIM) management in all aspects of skyscraper projects built or under construction throughout the country.
Creatively proposed and successfully implemented the "three-full BIM application" model with full participation, full professional application and full process implementation, and developed a collaborative management platform based on high precision BIM model.
The person in charge said that during the construction of Chow Tai Fook, the project department first carried out BIM construction in the virtual world, carried out scientific and accurate verification, and then carried out physical construction, thus nipping the problems that may arise in the construction of previous construction projects in the bud.
In 2017, the BIM innovation results of Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project won the first prize of the Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Construction Group at the Global AU Master Exchange and the 2017 Global Engineering Construction Industry Global Excellence Award Presentation Ceremony.
During the construction of the project, the project department created more than 130 national patent achievements.
It is worth mentioning that the BIM innovation results and scientific and technological innovation of Tianjin Chow Tai Fook project have not only enabled all complex and diverse construction links to achieve excellence at one time, shortened the construction period by more than four months, but also led to a significant improvement in safety management and other aspects.
Not long ago, Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Financial Center project also won the 2019 ISA International Security Award.
The 86th Sino-Lao Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River Joint Patrol Law Enforcement was completed.
On the 27th, the reporter learned from the Information Office of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department that at 15: 30 on the same day, three Chinese law enforcement boats and two Lao law enforcement boats participating in the 86th Sino-Lao, Myanmar-Thailand Mekong River joint patrol law enforcement successfully docked at China's Guan Lai Port, marking the successful conclusion of the joint patrol law enforcement operation.
The operation was launched at Guan Lai Port on the 24th and lasted 4 days and 3 nights. China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand sent a total of 136 law enforcement personnel and 6 law enforcement boats.
During the operation, the formation carried out joint patrols, anti-drug publicity and other activities in key waters such as the Golden Triangle, Lao Banxianggo and Mengmo.
In addition, China also sent a team of police actual combat instructors to the 122 and 133 border companies of the Lao People's Army to exchange police actual combat skills, effectively enhancing the emergency response ability of the law enforcement officers of both sides to jointly deal with emergencies.
China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand also held a law enforcement cooperation exchange meeting in Qingsheng, Thailand, to inform each other of the recent situation of each country in border management, combating drug crimes and the security situation in the Mekong River Basin, to consult and exchange on strengthening information exchange, research and law enforcement cooperation, and reached a consensus.
The relevant person in charge of the Water Patrol Team of the Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department introduced that after the end of this operation, China and Laos will continue to carry out a 10-day joint training and segmented joint patrol mission to improve the police rate of the Mekong River and make every effort to maintain the safety and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
The Thai commander said that since the launch of the Mekong joint patrol law enforcement, China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand have had close contacts, deepened pragmatic cooperation, and achieved fruitful results in many fields such as law enforcement and security cooperation and cultural exchanges.
We hope that the law enforcement cooperation of the four parties will continue to deepen and expand, strive to open up a new situation of law enforcement cooperation among the four countries, and make new contributions to maintaining the security and stability of the Mekong River Basin.
Iranian Defense Minister Amir Khatami expressed his opposition to any agreement with the West on Iran's missile program.
Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Khatami as reporting that any agreement with the United States on Iran's "missile force" will undermine Iran's capabilities.
According to Khatami, Iranian leaders support the improvement of the missile program.
Iran and the six countries on the Iranian nuclear issue reached an agreement in 2015. The United States withdrew from the agreement last May and resumed and strengthened sanctions against Iran, trying to use extreme pressure to force Iran to renegotiate the Iran nuclear agreement with the United States in order to limit Iran's weapons program and regional activities.
Some Western leaders used the occasion of the United Nations General Assembly to mediate the tense relations between the United States and Iran.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron met on the sidelines of the General Assembly on the 23rd.
The leaders of the three countries issued a joint statement after their meeting, urging Iran to participate in dialogue on nuclear activities, missile programs and regional security issues.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told media reporters on the 24th that Iran is willing to discuss "minor changes, additions or amendments" to the Iran nuclear agreement, provided that the United States lifts the sanctions.
2019 Tokyo International Film Festival Zhang Ziyi is the head of the jury
The film "Under the White Clouds," directed by Wang Rui, a professor at Beijing Film Academy, as the only Chinese-language film, was shortlisted for the main competition unit of the 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 28. It will compete with 13 other shortlisted films for the Golden Kirin Award, the highest award of the Tokyo International Film Festival.
"Under the White Clouds" is the fifth film directed by Professor Wang Rui of "peach plum all over the world." It tells the story of an ordinary Mongolian herdsman couple who have certain life difficulties due to different life pursuits. It is starring Mongolian actors Jizhi Mutu and Tana.
It is reported that "Under the White Cloud" held two world premieres during this film festival. The release dates are October 31 and November 3 respectively.
The 32nd Tokyo International Film Festival is scheduled to be held from October 28 to November 5 this year at Roppongi, Zhibi Valley and other venues in Tokyo. On the afternoon of September 26, the organizing committee of the film festival held a press conference and officially announced the list of films for the main competition unit, "Asian Future" unit, "Special Hospitality Works," Japanese Cinema Splash, "World Focus" and other units.
The person in charge of the competition film introduced the Chinese participating film "Under the White Cloud."
Zhang Ziyi became the chairman of the international jury of the main competition unit of the film festival.
The "Asian Future" unit has 3 Chinese-language films
In the series of units of the Tokyo International Film Festival, its important position is second only to the "Asian Future" unit of the main competition film. Although there are only eight shortlisted films, six less than the main competition, there are three Chinese-language films from mainland China and Hong Kong.
The two Hong Kong films are "Baby Revenge," directed by Lu Yixin, "Mak passers-by," directed by Huang Qingxun, starring film emperor Guo Fucheng and film star Miriam Yeung, and a mainland film is "Summer Night Knight," directed by Yu Xing.
In addition, the Sino-Japanese cooperative action adventure film "Ice Peak Storm," directed by Yu Fei and starring Koji Yakusho, Zhang Jingchu and Lin Baihong, will also be shown at this film festival as a "special hospitality work."
The spokesperson of the film festival, "Goddess" Hirose Alice, was absent from the press conference and made a video speech.
Famous director Yoji Yamada.
At the press conference, the chairman of the Tokyo International Film Festival, Yukang Ando, who just took office in August this year, the director of the film festival, Menglang Hisamatsu, and the heads of the selected films of various units took the stage to deliver speeches, introducing the purpose of the film festival and the films released.
As special guests at the press conference, the opening film, the 50th work of the "Tora-san" series, "Tora-san's Story: Welcome Back," director Yoji Yamada, the two Japanese film directors who were shortlisted for the main competition unit, Shinji Tsuzuka ("Balopola"), Ashikaga ("Comedy Love Wife Story"), and the famous playwright and screenwriter Kazuki Nakajima also appeared at the press conference to talk about their feelings of participating in the Tokyo Film Festival.
The international jury of the main competition unit is composed of five members. The chairman of the jury is Zhang Ziyi of China. The other four are American producer Bill Gerber, French actor and producer Julie Gaye, Danish director Michael Noel and Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki.
In addition, TIFF COM (International Image Market), held simultaneously with the Tokyo International Film Festival, will be held at the Ikebao Yangguang City Convention and Exhibition Center from October 22 to 24. This year, a record 401 groups will set up stalls. In particular, the number of exhibition units from China will reach 90, a sharp increase of 6.4 times compared with 14 last year.
To this end, TIFF COM specially designated October 22, the opening day, as "China Day (CHINA DAY)," held a number of lectures and seminars, and invited Japanese director Yu Ishii to participate in relevant activities. The welcoming dinner that night was also jointly hosted by China and Japan.
Chengdu "Panda Planet" and Giant Panda Breeding Research Base Expansion Project started
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, September 27 (reporter Li Qian Wei) Rich giant panda cultural theme tourism route, the panda base can accommodate 180 giant pandas in the future. The "Panda Planet" and the expansion project of the giant panda breeding research base officially started in Chengdu on the 25th, which means that the "panda capital" project planned by Chengdu was officially launched.
According to the plan, the "Panda Capital" built by Chengdu consists of three areas: Beihu District, Dujiangyan District and Longquan Mountain District, with an area of 69 square kilometers.
The plan organically combines the ecological and cultural value of giant pandas with the urban construction of Chengdu's beautiful and livable park to build the ecological home of giant pandas.
"Panda Planet" belongs to the North Lake area, covering an area of 35 square kilometers. Combined with industrial planning, it will form a regional spatial structure of "1 + N + X."
One core attraction is the renovation and expansion project of the Giant Panda Breeding Research Base; N cultural tourism consumption scenes, namely Panda Town, Xiaoyao Garden, Dream Garden, etc.; and X regional infrastructure supporting facilities.
After the renovation and expansion of Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base, the scale will reach 3,525 mu. It is generally positioned as a world-class giant panda protection demonstration site and a place where people and animals share a good time.
The park is planned to accommodate 180 giant pandas and their accompanying animals (small pandas and golden monkeys).
According to the China Voice "News and Newspaper Abstract" of the Central Radio and Television Station, over the past few days, many international dignitaries and envoys from various countries have congratulated New China on its 70th anniversary and spoke highly of New China's development achievements and its significance to global development.
In an exclusive interview with a reporter from the Central Radio and Television Station, Malian President Keita said that he has visited China many times. China's development achievements in the past 70 years have been amazing and have benefited the world.
Keita: I am a friend and sincere friend of the Chinese people.
China has never developed selfishly, but has opened its doors to the world and brought the greatest happiness to the people of all countries in the world.
We hope that China will succeed, and I hope that President Xi Jinping will lead the great Chinese people to continue to realize their dreams.
Happy birthday, bless China!
Barbados Prime Minister Motley said: I wish the People's Republic of China a happy birthday.
Say hello to the Chinese people.
I will never forget this day because it is also my birthday.
Recently (25th), envoys from more than 130 countries and representatives of international organizations in China visited the "Great Journey and Brilliant Achievements - Celebrating the 70th Anniversary of the Founding of the People's Republic of China" in Beijing.
Russian Ambassador to China Denisov said: I personally saw the starting point of China's reform and opening up policy. Compared with the situation today and more than 40 years ago, the progress is too great.
In addition, in recent days, our embassies and consulates in many countries have also held various activities in the local area to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of New China with local friendly people.
Many foreign friends have sent heartfelt blessings to China.
On September 26, Baidu announced that it would start the trial operation of the unmanned "Level 4" fully self-driving taxi team Robotaxi on a specific road in Changsha, Hunan Province.
Self-driving startup Pony.ai has also launched a trial operation in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province.
The trial operation of self-driving taxis supported by the Chinese government may be expanded in various places.
Since the 26th, Baidu has used 45 self-driving taxis for trial operation. Passengers in Changsha can apply for a ride through a special website.
There is a "safety officer" in the driver's seat to ensure the safety of passengers.
The road provided for trial operation is 50 kilometers by the end of 2019 and is scheduled to be extended to 135 kilometers by the first half of 2020.
The vehicle is China FAW Group's pure electric vehicle "Red Flag EV," equipped with the system developed by the "Apollo Program" established by Baidu and supported by the Chinese government.
In addition to Toyota and Honda, more than 150 enterprises, including Volkswagen of Germany, Daimler of Germany, Ford Motor of the United States, Intel of the United States, Microsoft of the United States and Yingweida of the United States, participated in Baidu's Apollo program.
Around China's self-driving taxis, China's largest online taxi service provider has announced a plan to launch 30 self-driving taxi services on the outskirts of Shanghai within the year.
China's self-driving development competition may become more intense.
Taiwan scholars suggested: "Uncertain times" Taiwan businessmen need to follow the mainland to develop mainstream industries
The "2019 Taiwan Business Innovation Business Model Forum" was held in Taipei for two days on the 26th and 27th.
The event invited a number of Taiwan business representatives and scholars to share their experiences on enterprise transformation, innovation, succession and market development.
The forum was hosted by the Taipei Management Research Institute and co-sponsored by Qunyi Jinding Securities, Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Association and other organizations.
The two-day meeting was divided into many seminars such as transformation and upgrading model and business strategy, with more than 100 participants.
Chen Mingzhang, president of the Taipei Management Research Institute, said that trade friction between China (mainland China) and the United States continues, and Taiwan businessmen face "uncertain times."
He believes that Taiwan businessmen need to keep pace with the times, keep up with the mainstream industries developed in the mainland, and pay special attention to innovative products related to the fields of science and technology, culture, tourism and health.
"In the past, Taiwan businessmen attached importance to quality, effectiveness and delivery."
Chen Mingzhang believes that the above conditions for Taiwan businessmen are not enough at present.
He pointed out that Taiwan-funded enterprises should combine speed and service, speed up the supply chain, and attach importance to extension services and life products services.
In addition, "service value-added" is also a new area that Taiwan businessmen can vigorously develop.
During the speech of the representative of Taiwan businessmen, Xu Wentang, chairman of Taiwan businessman Yayi Electronics Co., Ltd., from Guangdong, introduced that Yayi Electronics had difficulties in operation due to the sharp decline in orders. The group began to improve its business situation from many aspects such as adjusting its structure and activating its assets.
It took three years for enterprises to realize revenue by eliminating the traditional electrical appliance business, transforming vehicle electronic equipment and entering the smart home appliance industry.
Bai Hongzhang, general manager of Sun God (Zhuhai) Electronics Co., Ltd., suggested that if it is difficult to develop new customers, it is better to focus on the original customers to provide "one-stop" service.
The replacement of suppliers by customers is nothing more than six factors: Poor service, high price, low quality, slow delivery speed, few varieties and integrity problems. As long as these six points are solved, together with the timely transformation of production lines and the expansion of product categories, enterprises will become irreplaceable suppliers for customers.
On the 27th, the "2019 Outstanding Mainland Taiwan Business Award" award ceremony, also sponsored by the Taipei Management Research Institute, was held in Taipei.
According to Taiwan's "Economic Daily," Lu Zhengzhang, general manager of Golden Land Company, whose operation center is located in Shanghai, won the "Outstanding Taiwan Business and Cross-Straits Contribution Award."
Consultation on the new regulations: Social capital needs to be qualified to obtain rural land management rights
Social capital needs to be qualified to obtain rural land management rights
The "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights" publicly solicited opinions to supervise the transfer of land management rights by industrial and commercial enterprises and other social capital
Yesterday, the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs published a notice on the public consultation on the "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights (Consultation Draft of the Revised Draft)" (hereinafter referred to as "Consultation Draft"), increasing the supervision and risk prevention of the transfer of land management rights by industrial and commercial enterprises and other social capital.
The Opinion Draft will be open to the public for comments from now on.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, in order to implement the newly revised Rural Land Contract Law, further consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system and implement the "separation of powers" system, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs revised the "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" and formed the "Opinion Draft."
The reporter of Beijing Youth Daily learned that the Opinion Draft published for the first time has many important amendments.
The newly amended Rural Land Contract Law clarifies the scope of land transfer, implements the concept of "separation of powers," sets up "land contract management rights" and "land management rights" respectively, and makes a clear distinction between the transfer, exchange and transfer of land contract management rights (leasing, subcontracting, taking shares or other means).
In this Opinion Draft, in order to implement the concept of "separation of powers," effectively respond to the essence of the revision of the Rural Land Contract Law, and taking into account the great differences between the transfer of land management rights and the exchange and transfer of land contract management rights in terms of parties, procedures and supervision, this revised draft defines the scope of transfer, focuses on the transfer of land management rights, the mode of transfer includes leasing, taking shares, etc., and amends the name of the regulation from "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Contract Management Rights" to "Administrative Measures for the Transfer of Rural Land Management Rights."
Separate management measures will be issued for the transfer and exchange of land contract management rights.
The Opinion Draft points out that under the background of "separation of powers," farmers only have land management rights for a certain period of time.
In theory, even if bankruptcy liquidation occurs, farmers only have the risk of losing their management rights for a certain period of time. Therefore, it is no longer necessary to stipulate that the contracted land should be returned to the original contractor, and there is a conflict with the Bankruptcy Law.
Aiming at the problem of preventing the risk of farmers losing their land, methods such as preferred shares, first rent and then shares and repurchase have emerged in practice.
Considering that preferred shares have a mature theoretical discussion in company law, it is proposed to take it as an advocacy regulation to prevent the risk of losing land.
